Report to Shareholders 2018
Transforming 
to Deliver
Transforming to Deliver       Report to Shareholders 2018
Keppel Corporation Limited
--------------------------------------------------Page 1--------------------------------------------------

Vision
 
A global company at the forefront of  
our chosen industries, shaping the future  
for the benefit of all our stakeholders  
– Sustaining Growth, Empowering Lives  
and Nurturing Communities.
Mission
 
Guided by our operating principles 
and core values, we will deliver 
solutions for sustainable urbanisation 
profitably, safely and responsibly.
Operating Principles
1 
Best value propositions to customers.
2 
Tapping and developing best talents 
from our global workforce.
3 
Cultivating a spirit of innovation  
and enterprise.
4 
Executing our projects well.
5 
Being financially disciplined to earn 
the best risk-adjusted returns.
6 
Clarity of focus and operating within  
our core competence.
7 
Being prepared for the future.
Contents
Group Overview
Key Figures
8
Group Financial Highlights
9
Chairman’s Statement
10
Interview with the CEO
16
Board of Directors
22
Keppel Group Boards of Directors
26
Keppel Technology Advisory Panel
28
Senior Management
30
Investor Relations
32
Significant Milestones
34
Sustainability Framework
36
Eco-system for Value Creation
40
Performance Review
Operating & Financial Review
Offshore & Marine
42
Property
47
Infrastructure
50
Investments
55
Management Discussion & Analysis
60
Financial Review & Outlook
62
Group Structure
70
Governance
Corporate Governance
71
Risk Management
104
Regulatory Compliance
107
Financial Report
Directors’ Statement & Financial Statements
Directors’ Statement
110
Independent Auditor’s Report
116
Balance Sheets
123
Consolidated Profit & Loss Account
124
Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income
125
Statements of Changes in Equity
126
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
129
Notes to the Financial Statements
132
Significant Subsidiaries &  
Associated Companies
193
Other Information
Interested Person Transactions
205
Key Executives
206
Major Properties
210
Group Five-Year Performance
215
Group Value-Added Statements
219
Share Performance
220
Shareholding Statistics
221
Notice of Annual General Meeting  
& Closure of Books
222
Corporate Information
227
Financial Calendar
228
Proxy Form
229
--------------------------------------------------Page 2--------------------------------------------------

Transforming 
to Deliver
The building blocks of our transformation 
as a provider of solutions for sustainable 
urbanisation are in place. We will focus on 
executing and delivering on our growth initiatives 
to create value for all our stakeholders.
--------------------------------------------------Page 3--------------------------------------------------

Strengthening 
Key Verticals 
We have undertaken strategic initiatives to stay relevant, 
unlock new opportunities and drive growth in a fast-changing 
landscape. Our Offshore & Marine Division, for instance, 
has been re-positioned as an offshore energy and infrastructure 
solutions provider, expanding its markets beyond the oil drilling 
sector. In 2018, we secured LNG and scrubber projects worth 
$600 million. With the successful deployment of the world’s 
first converted Floating LNG (FLNG) vessel, Hilli Episeyo, 
we have demonstrated that converted FLNG solutions  
can be a quick and cost-efficient way of monetising  
stranded gas reserves.
$2.4b
Worth of gas-related orders 
secured since 2015.
--------------------------------------------------Page 4--------------------------------------------------

Seizing New 
Opportunities 
Urbanisation trends present many exciting and interconnected 
opportunities for Keppel, whether it is providing energy, 
property, environmental solutions or connectivity. With a view 
to developing future growth engines, we are actively exploring 
and investing in new businesses such as senior living and 
renewable energy infrastructure. We are also expanding our 
presence in consumer businesses including electricity retail, 
urban logistics and telecommunications. In Singapore, 
Keppel Electric became the largest electricity retailer 
in the commercial and industrial sector, as well as a 
leader in initial phases of the Open Electricity Market.
Over 50,000
Household customers 
secured in the initial phases 
of the Open Electricity Market, 
expanding Keppel’s presence in 
consumer businesses.
--------------------------------------------------Page 5--------------------------------------------------

Unleashing  
Synergies
About  
800,000 sm
Of residential and mixed-use 
gross floor area to be developed 
in Saigon Sports City. 
Our businesses are collaborating with one another to seize 
opportunities with the common purpose of providing solutions 
for sustainable urbanisation. Keppel Urban Solutions (KUS) 
brings together the Group’s capabilities and track record 
in energy, property, infrastructure and connectivity 
to create smart, sustainable urban townships. KUS is 
working with Keppel Land to develop the 64-hectare Saigon 
Sports City in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. By working together 
as a group, we can enhance the value of our landbank and 
real estate, as well as enjoy multiple income streams from 
developing and managing properties and infrastructure, 
and providing a host of high-quality urban services. 
--------------------------------------------------Page 6--------------------------------------------------

Key Figures
Group Overview
# 2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International). 
^ One-off financial penalty and related costs of $619 million in FY 2017 arose from Keppel Offshore & Marine’s global resolution with criminal authorities in the United States, 
Brazil and Singapore, and related legal, accounting & forensics costs.
* Free cash flow excludes expansionary acquisitions and capital expenditure, and major divestments.
Revenue
$6.0b
Comparable with that of FY 2017.
Higher revenues from the Offshore & 
Marine and Infrastructure divisions were 
partially offset by lower revenues from 
the Property and Investments divisions.
Net Profit
$944m
Increased 382% from FY 2017’s 
$196 million#.
Excluding the one-off financial penalty 
and related costs of $619 million^ 
from FY 2017’s results, FY 2018 net 
profit would have increased 16% from 
FY 2017’s $815 million#. 
Employee Engagement
87%
Percentage of employees 
who indicated that they would 
“go beyond the norm” to contribute 
to Keppel’s success.
Return On Equity
8.3%
Increased by 6.6 percentage points 
from FY 2017’s 1.7%#.
Excluding the effects of the one-off financial 
penalty and related costs of $619 million^ 
from FY 2017’s results, Return on Equity 
of 8.3% would have been 1.4 percentage 
points higher than FY 2017’s 6.9%#.
Earnings Per Share
52.0cts
Increased 381% from FY 2017’s 
$0.11 per share#.
Excluding the effects of the one-off financial 
penalty and related costs of $619 million^ 
from FY 2017’s results, Earnings Per 
Share of $0.52 would have increased 
16% from FY 2017’s $0.45 per share#.
Workplace Safety And Health Awards
28 Awards
The highest number of awards won 
by a single organisation in 2018. 
Cash Dividend Per Share
30.0cts
Increased 36% from FY 2017’s cash 
dividend of 22.0 cents per share.
Total distribution for FY 2018 comprised a 
proposed final cash dividend of 15.0 cents 
per share, an interim cash dividend of 
10.0 cents per share and a special cash 
dividend of 5.0 cents per share.
Net Asset Value Per Share
$6.22
Decreased 1% from FY 2017’s 
$6.29 per share.
Beneficiaries
>2,600 
Beneficiaries whose lives have been 
touched by Keppel Volunteers in 2018. 
Net Gearing Ratio
0.48x
Increased slightly from FY 2017’s 
net gearing of 0.46x. 
This was largely driven by a decrease 
in total equity as a result of lower 
non-controlling interests.
Free Cash Inflow*
$515m
Decreased from FY 2017’s 
$1,802 million. 
This was mainly due to working 
capital requirements.
Social Investments
$8.9m
Invested in social causes in 2018.
8   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 7--------------------------------------------------

n.m. = not meaningful
# 2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International).
^ Includes the one-off financial penalty and related costs of $619 million.
* Free cash flow excludes expansionary acquisitions and capital expenditure, and major divestments.
Group Quarterly Results ($m)
2018
2017#
1Q
2Q
3Q
4Q
Total
1Q
2Q
3Q
4Q
Total
Revenue
1,470
1,523
1,295
1,677
5,965
1,248
 1,554
 1,617
1,545
5,964
EBITDA
532 
314
325
55
1,226
243
210
364
197
1,014
Operating profit
486
270
282
5
1,043
187
153
314
147
801
Profit/(Loss) before tax
448
294
334
164
1,240
292
219
348
(417)^
442^
Attributable profit/(loss)
337
246
226
135
944
252
171
265
(492)^
196^
Earnings per share (cents)
18.6
13.6
12.4
7.4
52.0
13.9
9.4
14.6
(27.1)^
10.8^
2018
2017#
% Change
For the year ($m)
Revenue
5,965
5,964 
<0.1%
Profit
 
EBITDA
1,226 
1,014 
21%
 
Operating
1,043 
801 
30%
 
Before tax
1,240 
442^ 
181%
 
Net profit
944 
196^ 
382%
Operating cash inflow
125 
1,203 
-90%
Free cash inflow*
515 
1,802 
-71%
Economic value added
252 
(839)^
n.m.
Per share
Earnings ($)
0.52 
0.11^ 
381%
Net assets ($)
6.22 
6.29 
-1%
Net tangible assets ($)
6.15 
6.22 
-1%
At year-end ($m)
Shareholders’ funds
11,278 
11,443 
-1%
Non-controlling interests
309 
530 
-42%
Total equity
11,587 
11,973 
-3%
Net debt
5,567 
5,519 
1%
Net gearing ratio (times)
0.48 
0.46 
4%
Return on shareholders’ funds (%)
Profit before tax
11.6 
3.6^ 
222%
Net profit
8.3 
1.7^ 
388%
Shareholders’ value
Distribution (cents per share)
 
Interim dividend
10.0 
8.0 
25%
 
Special dividend
5.0 
–
n.m.
 
Final dividend
15.0 
14.0 
7%
 
Total distribution
30.0 
22.0 
36%
Share price ($)
5.91 
7.35 
-20%
Total shareholder return (%)
(16.4)
30.9 
n.m.
Group Financial Highlights
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   9
--------------------------------------------------Page 8--------------------------------------------------

Dear Shareholders,
 
2018 was an eventful year, marked by 
volatility in the international economy, 
with concerns over trade tensions between 
the United States (US) and China, slowing 
global growth, fluctuating oil prices and 
uncertainty over how BREXIT will unfold. 
At the same time, urbanisation trends and 
a growing middle class, especially in Asia, 
continue to drive demand and provide 
opportunities for companies able to 
supply solutions to meet their needs. 
Robotics, artificial intelligence and 
digitalisation are also empowering 
companies with new ways of working, 
and actionable insights which allow the 
provision of better and more efficient 
solutions for customers. 
 
For Keppel, 2018 was a transformational 
year, during which we focused not only 
on executing our existing businesses well, 
but also on investing in and building new 
growth engines. 
We began the year by refreshing the Group’s 
mission and uniting our different businesses 
behind the common goal of providing 
solutions for sustainable urbanisation. Today, 
Keppel is not a diverse group of companies 
that share a common name, or a company 
focused mainly on the offshore and marine 
(O&M) or property businesses, but an 
eco-system of companies working closely 
together, and harnessing the synergies of 
the multi-business group, as we provide much 
needed urbanisation solutions, from energy, 
to urban spaces and clean environments, 
to physical and digital connectivity. 
Last September, together with Singapore 
Press Holdings (SPH), we launched an offer to 
take majority control of M1. M1 complements 
Keppel’s mission to be a solutions provider 
for sustainable urbanisation. We believe 
there are synergies which can be harnessed 
by collaboration between M1 and other 
parts of the Keppel Group. This will require 
a major transformation of M1 which will take 
some years to achieve. The Offeror achieved 
majority control of M1 and the shareholding 
threshold required to de-list M1 in February, 
and on 6 March 2019, it announced that it 
would exercise its rights to compulsorily 
acquire all the remaining shares. Keppel 
and SPH will work with M1’s board and 
management to develop and implement 
the transformation strategy and pursue 
growth initiatives. 
We also announced a scheme of arrangement 
to privatise Keppel Telecommunications 
& Transportation (Keppel T&T), to further 
simplify our corporate structure and better 
integrate Keppel T&T’s interests with the 
rest of the Group.
Strong Performance
The Group performed well in 2018, achieving 
a net profit of $944 million, up 382% from 
$196 million in 2017, or up 16% from 
$815 million, if we exclude the one-off 
financial penalty for Keppel Offshore & 
Marine’s (Keppel O&M) global resolution 
with criminal authorities in the US, Brazil 
and Singapore and other related costs 
amounting to $619 million.
The growth in earnings was driven by 
improved performance across our O&M, 
Property and Infrastructure divisions, with 
Property making the biggest contribution 
to the Group. Significantly, our O&M Division 
made a profit at both the operating and net 
levels for the full year, excluding revaluations, 
major impairments and divestments (RIDs), 
underpinned by its extensive rightsizing 
efforts and new contract wins. However, 
the Division registered a loss of $109 million, 
after provisions, including an additional 
provision of $167 million for expected losses 
on the rig contracts with Sete Brasil, partially 
offset by write-back of provisions for claims.
The Group’s Return on Equity (ROE) was 
8.3%, while our Economic Value Added was 
$252 million in 2018. 
 
The Board of Directors has proposed a final 
cash dividend of 15.0 cents per share for 
FY 2018. Together with the interim cash 
dividend of 10.0 cents per share and special 
cash dividend of 5.0 cents per share 
distributed last August to commemorate 
Keppel’s golden jubilee, we will be paying out 
a total cash dividend of 30.0 cents per share 
to shareholders for the whole of 2018. 
Property 
Keppel Land is continuing its transformation 
to be a multi-dimensional real estate company, 
with one of the highest rates of return in Asia. 
Over two decades, the Group has expanded 
regionally and invested in several key Asian 
cities, where we enjoy a first mover advantage 
and have built up a sizeable landbank. 
China and Vietnam are two key markets 
for Keppel Land, where rapid urbanisation 
and rising affluence continue to drive 
demand for quality housing and commercial 
developments. In China, we are focusing on 
the Jing-Jin-Ji region, Yangtze River Delta, 
Greater Bay Area and the Chengdu metropolis, 
where we see strong growth potential, 
while in Vietnam, we are focused mainly on 
Ho Chi Minh City (HCMC), where Keppel Land 
has been operating for over 20 years.
In 2018, Keppel Land actively executed 
its capital recycling strategy, completing 
acquisitions totalling about $0.8 billion, 
as well as divestments and en-bloc sales 
totalling about $1.7 billion. 
2018 was a transformational 
year for Keppel, during 
which we focused not only 
on executing our existing 
businesses well, but also 
on investing in and building 
new growth engines.
Chairman’s Statement
Group Overview
10   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 9--------------------------------------------------

We sold about 4,440 homes in 2018, 
of which around 2,200 were in China, 
achieving a total estimated sales value 
of about $1.8 billion. Over and above these 
home sales, we also sold five projects, 
which are equivalent to approximately 
11,500 units sold en-bloc.
Over the course of 2018, we replenished 
our landbank with the addition of about 
3,600 units in China and 500 units in 
Indonesia, bringing our total landbank 
to close to 50,000 homes as at end-2018. 
In its commercial portfolio, Keppel Land 
has about 1.5 million square metres of 
gross floor area, of which about 60% is 
under development. As the commercial 
projects are progressively completed, 
they will contribute steady recurring 
income to the Group.
Offshore & Marine
Keppel O&M secured new contracts 
totalling $1.7 billion in 2018, a significant 
improvement over the $1.2 billion of new 
orders won in the whole of 2017. 
With the gradually declining rig supply 
overhang, as well as increased tendering 
activity, we are seeing growing optimism 
in the O&M business, although we believe 
it will take some time before we see 
sustained recovery across the board. 
The contract for a mid-water semisubmersible 
rig for harsh environment use from Awilco, 
our first newbuild drilling rig order since the 
start of the downturn in 2014, was a significant 
milestone. It demonstrated that despite the 
continuing challenges in the O&M sector, 
there continues to be strong preference in the 
industry for high-specification rigs, built by 
a reliable partner. 
Keppel O&M won four production projects 
during the year and is also seizing opportunities 
arising from the growing adoption of liquefied 
natural gas (LNG). With our ability to design, 
develop and integrate solutions across the 
gas value chain, Keppel is well positioned to 
be the gas industry’s preferred partner. 
Hilli Episeyo, the world’s first converted 
floating LNG (FLNG) vessel which we delivered 
in late-2017, has provided a successful 
proof of concept of a faster-to-market 
and cost-efficient solution for monetising 
stranded gas reserves, thus opening up new 
opportunities for Keppel in the liquefaction 
vessel space. It has maintained 100% uptime 
since commencing commercial operations 
and despatched 13 LNG cargoes as at the end 
of 2018. Keppel O&M has received a limited 
notice to proceed from Golar LNG to commence 
early conversion works on another FLNG 
vessel, Gimi. Keppel Shipyard will commence 
full construction activities when it receives 
the final notice to proceed. 
Lee Boon Yang 
Chairman
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   11
--------------------------------------------------Page 10--------------------------------------------------

Chairman’s Statement
Group Overview
We also see increasing demand for 
scrubber retrofits as the International 
Maritime Organization’s 2020 deadline 
for the implementation of the 0.5% sulphur 
cap on marine fuels approaches. In 2018, 
Keppel O&M secured 65 contracts from 
a variety of customers for such projects. 
Beyond delivering our projects well, 
Keppel O&M is continuing to build new 
capabilities and capture new markets. 
It has also streamlined and reorganised 
its operations into a New Builds division, 
covering Offshore as well as Gas & 
Specialised Vessels, and a Conversions & 
Repairs division. With its business divisions 
working as an integrated body, Keppel O&M 
is able to achieve greater efficiency and 
provide customers with more competitive 
and reliable end-to-end solutions.
At the same time, Keppel O&M is 
innovating to develop rigs of the 
future through increasing digitisation, 
capturing and analysing data, and 
offering enhanced solutions. Keppel O&M 
has also launched its proprietary RigCare 
Solution, which encompasses a suite of 
digital services to support a rig’s lifecycle 
needs, significantly increasing uptime and 
reducing maintenance costs. The jackup rig, 
Cantarell IV, that Keppel O&M delivered to 
Grupo R in February 2019, is the first rig 
equipped with our RigCare Solution, which 
will significantly transform the efficiency, 
safety and operability of the rig.
Keppel O&M is also enhancing the 
productivity and efficiency of its operations 
through developing yards of the future by 
leveraging more advanced engineering 
and production methods including the 
use of robotics and smart sensors.
Infrastructure 
We are growing our Infrastructure 
Division as a stable pillar of earnings. 
Keppel Infrastructure continues to seek 
value-enhancing projects, leveraging its 
project development, engineering, as well 
as operations and maintenance expertise. 
In 2018, Keppel Infrastructure secured 
some $120 million worth of contracts for 
energy and environmental infrastructure 
across Singapore, Australia and Europe. 
This includes a contract to supply 
technology solutions to Australia’s first 
waste-to-energy plant, located in Kwinana, 
reflecting our efforts to expand into 
new markets. 
The construction of the Keppel Marina 
East Desalination Plant has achieved 65% 
completion, while the Hong Kong Integrated 
Waste Management Facility is now at the 
design and engineering phase and is expected 
to contribute to our bottomline from 2019.
1
12   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 11--------------------------------------------------

While pursuing new markets and opportunities, 
we are growing our stable and recurring income 
from the quality operations and maintenance 
services provided by Infrastructure Services. 
Keppel Electric has been the largest electricity 
retailer in Singapore in terms of market share in 
the commercial and industrial sector. Following 
the launch of the Open Electricity Market (OEM) 
in Singapore, Keppel Electric is also making 
headway into the housing electricity market. 
Starting from 1 November 2018, the OEM is 
being progressively extended to all consumers 
across Singapore by zones. The response to 
Keppel Electric’s retail offerings for households 
has been encouraging, with preliminary 
results showing that it is among the retailers 
with the largest market shares in the OEM. 
Keppel T&T is scaling up its logistics and 
data centre solutions to tap opportunities 
created by the fast-growing digital economy. 
With the burgeoning growth of cloud service 
providers as well as increasing storage 
and processing requirements, our data 
centre business is well positioned to tap 
growth opportunities. 
In 2018, we added four new data centre projects 
across Asia and Europe to our portfolio. This 
expands our portfolio to 22 data centres with 
a total value of about $2.7 billion. To further 
grow its capabilities, Keppel T&T is also 
exploring innovative solutions such as high-rise 
green data centres and floating water-cooled 
data centre parks, which tap Keppel O&M’s 
expertise in floating infrastructure.
Expanding into new markets, we have, 
through the Alpha Data Centre Fund 
(Alpha DC Fund) and Keppel Data Centres 
Holding (KDCH), signed conditional agreements 
with the Salim Group to jointly develop and 
operate a high-availability data centre in Bogor, 
about 35 kilometres from Jakarta. Alpha DC 
Fund and KDCH have also inked agreements 
with a leading technology company to develop 
and operate their first greenfield data centre in 
Johor, Malaysia. Meanwhile, Keppel Logistics 
focused on streamlining processes and 
resources for better cost management while 
seeking new opportunities in urban logistics. 
We continued to drive the growth of UrbanFox, 
our omnichannel logistics and channel 
management solutions brand. UrbanFox’s 
customer base has grown significantly, with 
deliveries doubling over the course of 2018. 
UrbanFox also plans to launch its integrated 
channel management in other countries in 
Southeast Asia, leveraging Keppel’s presence 
in those markets.
Investments 
2018 was an active year for our 
Investments Division.
Keppel Capital announced acquisitions worth 
over $2 billion and explored new platforms 
for long-term growth, including expanding 
into new markets and asset classes, 
focusing on areas which harness the 
capabilities of the Keppel Group. 
With a view to tapping opportunities in 
the fast-growing senior living market, 
Keppel Capital entered into a conditional 
equity purchase agreement to acquire a 
50% stake in leading US senior living operator, 
Watermark Retirement Communities. It has 
also signed Memoranda of Understanding 
(MOUs) to establish new private funds to 
invest in education real estate, and retail 
properties in Australia. 
Our listed REITs and Trust have also 
been expanding their portfolios. In Australia, 
Keppel DC REIT is enlarging its data centre 
footprint with a new shell and core data 
centre, to be built in the Macquarie Business 
Park precinct in Sydney. In the US, Keppel-
KBS US REIT continued to capture strong 
leasing demand from the technology and 
professional services sectors in Seattle. 
Keppel Infrastructure Trust has completed 
its acquisition of a 100% interest in Ixom, 
1
Keppel Land expanded 
its presence in China 
in 2018 entering a new 
market with a residential 
land plot in Nanjing. 
2
Keppel O&M’s proprietary 
RigCare Solution, 
implemented for the 
first time on Cantarell IV, 
will enhance the efficiency, 
safety and operability of 
the jackup rig.
which is among the leading industrial 
infrastructure businesses in Australia and 
New Zealand, supplying and distributing 
water treatment chemicals, as well as 
industrial and specialty chemicals. 
2018 also marked the 10th anniversary 
of the Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City, 
a flagship government-to-government 
project between China and Singapore. 
With the Eco-City’s growing maturity, 
we are seeing increasing demand for 
homes and land in the city. Our joint venture, 
the Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City 
Investment and Development Co., Ltd., 
sold three residential land plots for 
RMB 3.4 billion in 2018, one of which 
was acquired by Keppel Land to tap the 
healthy demand for its green homes in 
the Eco-City.
Leveraging the Group’s strong track record 
in master development, Keppel Urban 
Solutions (KUS) continues to make good 
progress in its pilot project, the 64-hectare 
Saigon Sports City in HCMC, which is 
being developed in collaboration with 
2
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   13
--------------------------------------------------Page 12--------------------------------------------------

Chairman’s Statement
Group Overview
Keppel Land. KUS is also expanding its 
presence into new geographies, with the 
signing of an MOU with Envision Group and 
the Wuxi government to collaborate in the 
development of a new Smart IoT City in 
Wuxi, China. 
Sharpening Our Focus on Sustainability
Keppel is committed to sustainability, both 
as a responsible corporate citizen, and as 
a provider of solutions, that can contribute 
to a better, more sustainable world. 
We have identified the key material 
environmental, social and governance 
factors for the Company, and take them into 
consideration in the determination of the 
Company’s strategic direction and policies.
Compliance remains a key focus for 
the Group. During the year, Keppel O&M 
carried out a risk review and audit of 
anti-corruption compliance. In November, 
Keppel O&M’s entities in Singapore 
achieved certification for the ISO 37001 
Anti-Bribery Management System. 
The Group is committed to putting in 
place effective and robust compliance 
and governance regimes and honouring 
the undertakings given as part of the 2017 
global resolution involving Keppel O&M. 
Keppel Corporation has also engaged 
KPMG to provide an independent platform 
for employees and external parties such 
as customers, suppliers and contractors 
to raise concerns about any perceived 
irregularity or misconduct. We have also 
enhanced reporting channels and increased 
the geographical coverage for whistle-blower 
hotlines to include 10 countries, including 
Brazil, China, Vietnam and the US.
We will continue to strengthen our policies 
and procedures and ensure that we win 
business legally and ethically, based on 
the strengths of the Group and quality of 
our solutions.  
  
Reflecting our strong focus on safety, 
Keppel won 28 awards at the Singapore 
Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) Awards 
2018, emerging again, as the organisation 
which won the highest number of WSH 
awards in the year. Sadly, despite our best 
efforts, we lost a colleague during the year. 
We have thoroughly investigated the incident 
and will continue to strengthen efforts in our 
safety journey to ensure Keppelites are able 
to go home safe every day. 
Keppelites are our most important resource 
as we seek to grow the Company into the 
future. We have continued to invest in 
training and people development, including 
providing opportunities for staff to expand 
their horizons in different countries and 
business units. As the Group expands into 
new businesses, we have also bolstered 
our bench strength with external hires, 
to bring onboard external perspectives 
and new skillsets. We will continue 
to place emphasis on nurturing and 
developing our global talent pool, as we 
build a better and stronger Keppel that 
is able to effectively navigate today’s 
fast-changing business environment.
Further demonstrating our commitment 
to sustainability, Keppel Corporation became 
a signatory of the UN Global Compact in 
May 2018. We have also made a public 
pledge with the Singapore Ministry of 
Environment and Water Resources, 
articulating our commitment to address 
Keppel is committed to 
sustainability, both as a 
responsible corporate citizen, 
and as a provider of solutions, 
that can contribute to a better, 
more sustainable world.
1
14   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 13--------------------------------------------------

climate change, including through having 
more eco-friendly features in our products, 
investing in green technology and increasing 
the usage of renewable energy. 
We are encouraged that Keppel’s sustainability 
efforts continue to be recognised internationally, 
with the Company’s inclusion in the Euronext 
Vigeo Eiris Index – World 120 and MSCI 
World ESG Leaders Index, amongst others. 
Keppel was also Winner of the UN SDG 
Category at the Sustainable Business 
Awards 2018 in Singapore. 
Keppel believes in doing good as we do well. 
We strive to make a difference wherever 
we operate, be it with the underprivileged, 
through promoting education or caring 
for the environment. We commemorated 
our 50th anniversary by giving back to the 
community, including through making 
a $10 million donation to Singapore’s 
Institute of Technical Education to support 
education for students from financially 
disadvantaged backgrounds. 
Keppelites clocked more than 14,000 volunteer 
hours in 2018, touching lives in Singapore, 
China, Vietnam, Indonesia and Brazil, among 
other countries. Recognising our social 
impact in the community, Keppel was listed 
as Champion of Good 2018 by the National 
Volunteer and Philanthropy Centre. 
Acknowledgements
We are pleased to welcome Professor 
Jean-François Manzoni as an Independent 
Director on the Board. Professor Manzoni’s 
strong background in the areas of leadership, 
corporate governance and the development 
of high-performance organisations will be 
extremely valuable to the Board as we steer 
the Group’s operations across multiple 
businesses and jurisdictions in a 
dynamic environment.
I would also like to thank my fellow 
directors for their commitment, guidance 
and generous sharing of their experience 
during this transformative time for Keppel. 
I am also grateful to our many partners 
and stakeholders for their unwavering 
support and confidence in Keppel. 
My deep appreciation also goes to the 
thousands of Keppelites around the world, 
whose tenacity, hard work and dedication 
continue to drive Keppel’s transformation 
and growth.
We have a clear path forward, as OneKeppel, 
advancing our mission of being a solutions 
provider for sustainable urbanisation, and 
committed to creating a sustainable future. 
Yours sincerely,
Lee Boon Yang
Chairman
8 March 2019
1
Keppel T&T, together 
with Alpha DC Fund, 
expanded the Group’s 
data centre presence 
to Bogor, Indonesia.
2
Singapore’s President 
Halimah Yacob (seated, 
centre), Dr Lee Boon Yang 
(standing, rightmost), 
Chairman of Keppel 
Corporation and Mr Loh 
Chin Hua (third from left),  
CEO of Keppel Corporation, 
joined Keppel’s beneficiaries 
from Montfort Care and 
Care Corner in a moss 
art activity.
2
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   15
--------------------------------------------------Page 14--------------------------------------------------

Q
Keppel’s businesses have evolved 
significantly under your leadership. 
How would you characterise the progress 
of transformation? What can investors 
expect in the next three to five years?
A
Keppel has gone through significant business 
transformation in the past five years. During 
this period, we rightsized and integrated 
Keppel Offshore & Marine’s (Keppel O&M) 
operating units, re-positioning the Division 
amidst the offshore sector downturn. We 
evolved Keppel Land into a multi-faceted 
property company focused on seeking higher 
returns. We also strengthened our data centres 
and logistics businesses, including establishing 
UrbanFox to extend our capabilities into the 
business-to-consumer (B2C) market. 
These are just some of the many strategic 
initiatives we have undertaken to stay 
relevant, unlock new opportunities and 
drive growth in a fast-changing landscape.
We have worked hard in the last few years 
to rally our different businesses around the 
common purpose of providing solutions for 
sustainable urbanisation, and encouraging 
them to hunt as a pack for opportunities. 
We have achieved significant traction on 
this front, with inter-company collaboration 
becoming an important part of our corporate 
culture and language. 
Across the Group today, we not only share 
the same mission but also services for 
critical functions such as finance, IT and 
human resources. Supported by shared 
services, our operating units can focus on 
managing and growing their businesses, 
as well as harnessing the synergies of our 
multi-business group to offer compelling 
solutions and services to customers. 
Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation 
(Keppel T&T) for instance, is working with 
Keppel O&M on a concept for floating data 
centre parks that utilise water for cooling, 
as well as exploring opportunities with 
Keppel Electric to offer bundled power 
solutions to our data centre customers 
in Singapore. We are seeing more of such 
examples come into play as our business 
verticals reach beyond their immediate 
playing fields for common opportunities as 
OneKeppel. In addition, business “horizontals” 
such as Keppel Capital provide funding 
platforms with co-investors, allowing us 
to seize growth opportunities across our 
chosen sectors, while generating recurring 
fee income for the Group.
As our growth story unfolds, our stakeholders 
and the market increasingly understand 
that Keppel is more than just an offshore 
and marine business, or property business, 
but an eco-system of companies, working 
together to provide solutions for sustainable 
Interview with the CEO
Group Overview
Loh Chin Hua 
Chief Executive Officer
16   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 15--------------------------------------------------

urbanisation. With the privatisation of 
Keppel Land, the restructuring of our asset 
management businesses under Keppel 
Capital, and now the proposed scheme 
to privatise Keppel T&T, we are further 
simplifying our corporate structure. 
This gives us better control of the Group’s 
key business verticals, and the flexibility 
to allocate capital more efficiently 
towards investments with the best 
risk-adjusted returns.
With a view to developing future growth 
engines, we are actively exploring and 
investing in new businesses such as senior 
living and renewable energy infrastructure. 
We are also expanding our presence in 
B2C businesses including electricity retail 
and urban logistics. 
While some of the industries that we operate 
in are cyclical, sustainable urbanisation, 
and the solutions that we provide, will 
enjoy many decades of secular growth. 
As we grow our businesses, we aim to 
improve both the magnitude and quality 
of earnings. Our long-term goal is to 
have each key division contribute no 
more than 40% of the Group’s annual 
net profit, thus moderating our exposure 
to business-cycle risks. 
The key pieces of our transformation have 
been put in place. We are now focused 
on executing and delivering on the growth 
initiatives, the results of which will come 
through in the next few years.
Q 
Keppel is expanding into different areas 
such as senior living, education real 
estate and renewables. How do these 
businesses fit in with the Group?  
A
Keppel is a multi-business company. 
At various points in our history, we have 
expanded into and exited from different 
industries, taking into account the emerging 
trends and opportunities, to create value for 
our stakeholders. While we actively explore 
and invest in new businesses, we will stay 
disciplined, focusing on businesses that 
fall within our mission of providing solutions 
for sustainable urbanisation, and which 
harness the capabilities and synergies of 
the Keppel Group.
The consumer business is becoming 
more interesting with, among others, 
the advent of the sharing economy and 
the “uberisation” of assets, supported by 
a burgeoning middle class, who seek 
higher standards of living. We see attractive 
opportunities to cater to urban consumers 
at different life stages, as reflected in our 
efforts to enter the senior living and education 
real estate sectors.
Population ageing, especially in urban 
societies, will be one of the most significant 
social transformations of the twenty-first 
century, with wide-ranging implications 
on many sectors, including labour and 
financial markets, as well as the demand 
for goods and services. Our acquisition 
of a stake in a leading US senior living 
operator is a strategic move for Keppel 
to enter this new growth sector and also 
bring customised solutions to Singapore 
and other markets in Asia. 
Renewable energy is not a new business 
for Keppel. We have been involved in 
renewables in different ways, including 
developing offshore wind turbine installation 
vessels, and designing and fabricating wind 
tower structures. As the world focuses 
increasingly on climate change and 
cleaner forms of energy, we see potential 
for Keppel to be more actively involved 
in renewable energy infrastructure. 
Q 
Which other growth areas are you 
exploring beyond Keppel’s current 
markets and sectors?
A
The megatrend of urbanisation presents 
many exciting and interconnected 
opportunities. We are looking to capture 
growth from the digitalisation wave, 
studying how technology and connectivity 
can be more fully deployed in our solutions 
for sustainable urbanisation. 
Artificial intelligence (AI), the Internet 
of Things (IoT) and 5G connectivity are 
driving a surge in data production, as well 
as powering new technologies from smart 
manufacturing to autonomous vehicles 
and intelligent retail. These developments 
will have an impact on the demand for 
data centres and network infrastructure, 
and at a more fundamental level, 
change the way people live, work, play 
and interact with their environments 
and one another. 
Keppel Urban Solutions (KUS) seeks 
to harness the capabilities and track 
record of the Group to develop vibrant 
and digitally-connected smart cities, 
which tap sensing technology and IoT. 
Saigon Sports City in Ho Chi Minh City, 
Vietnam, which KUS is developing in 
collaboration with Keppel Land, and the 
proposed Smart IoT City at Taihu New City 
in Wuxi, China, are prime candidates for the 
The key pieces of Keppel’s transformation have been put in place. 
We are now focused on executing and delivering on the growth 
initiatives, the results of which will come through in the next few years.
test-bedding of some of the latest urban 
solutions, which KUS is partnering leading 
technology providers such as Envision, 
Microsoft and ST Engineering to deliver. 
Q 
The O&M Division’s performance has 
improved year on year, lowering its net 
loss to $109 million for FY 2018. What is 
the outlook for this business?
A
Our O&M Division performed commendably, 
reducing its net loss by almost half to 
$109 million from $207 million a year ago, 
if we exclude the one-off global resolution 
and related costs in 2017. Notably, the Division 
made a net profit of $6 million for FY 2018, 
before the $167 million provision for 
projects with Sete Brasil and other 
provisions and asset impairments of 
$44 million, partially offset by a write-back 
of provisions for claims. 
Decisive rightsizing efforts over the 
past four years have helped to cut the 
Division’s overheads, and shape a leaner, 
fitter and more agile Keppel O&M that 
is more competitive and ready to seize 
opportunities, even against the backdrop 
of lower oil prices. Our efforts in positioning 
Keppel O&M to capture new opportunities 
in the gas, production and non-drilling 
sectors have also paid off. In 2018, 
Keppel O&M secured $1.7 billion worth 
of new orders, up from $1.2 billion secured 
in 2017. Significantly, liquefied natural gas 
(LNG) and scrubber projects contributed 
over $600 million to new orders won  
in 2018. 
Today, there are some early signs of 
improvement in the offshore rig sector, 
although we do not envisage a V-shaped 
recovery. More projects are being 
sanctioned at Brent oil prices of between 
US$55 and US$65 a barrel, the rig supply 
overhang is gradually reducing, and 
tendering activity is improving. In the 
production space, we see opportunities 
in Floating Production Storage and 
Offloading (FPSO) units, especially 
conversions, with several projects reaching 
their Final Investment Decisions (FID) in 
2019 and 2020. The global demand for gas, 
led by Asia, continues to grow, with a few 
floating regasification projects expected to 
be sanctioned later this year. With reduced 
overheads, more of the revenues earned 
will flow down to our bottomline as we 
secure new orders. 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   17
--------------------------------------------------Page 16--------------------------------------------------

Notwithstanding continuing challenges 
in the O&M sector, we remain cautiously 
optimistic about the business. Keppel O&M 
will aim to become profitable in 2019 by 
executing our projects well and growing 
the Division’s topline. As the market is very 
competitive, we will remain disciplined in 
bidding for new contracts, seeking only 
quality customers and projects with 
attractive risk-adjusted rewards.
Q 
What are you doing to prepare the 
O&M Division to seize opportunities 
when the market recovers?
A
Our goal is to build a more competitive 
and sustainable O&M business. As part 
of the rightsizing programme, we have 
also more closely integrated the different 
business units under two divisions, namely 
the New Builds division, which covers 
Offshore as well as Gas & Specialised 
Vessels, and the Conversions & Repairs 
division. Keppel FELS, Keppel Shipyard 
and Keppel Singmarine are now working 
more closely together as OneKOM, 
and unleashing synergies through the 
sharing of resources and construction 
methodologies as the Division moves 
towards Industry 4.0. 
Even though the market is improving, 
we do not expect the offshore business 
to return to the heydays any time soon. 
Offshore drillers are now more cautious, 
having suffered significantly in the 
past few years. As an industry leader, 
Keppel O&M is responding to customers’ 
drive to improve operational efficiency 
and lower costs across their project life 
cycles through designing smarter and 
more efficient rigs of the future, powered 
by AI and sensing technology. 
We are also looking beyond our present 
playing fields for growth. Developing 
economies, which are experiencing the 
fastest urbanisation rates, are expected 
to drive up global energy demand by 
about 30% from 2019 to 2040. Demand 
for renewable energy is expected to grow 
rapidly, while natural gas is projected 
to overtake coal as the second largest 
source of energy. 
In response to these emerging trends, 
we have worked hard to re-position 
Keppel O&M as an offshore energy and 
infrastructure solutions provider over the 
past few years, expanding its markets 
beyond the oil drilling sector. Since 2015, 
Keppel O&M has won $2.4 billion worth 
of orders for gas-related solutions, 
comprising 45% of all our new orders 
over this period.
Our converted Floating LNG (FLNG) 
vessels are also gaining increasing 
traction, following the delivery 
of Hilli Episeyo, the world’s first 
converted FLNG vessel. Hilli Episeyo 
has demonstrated that converted 
FLNG solutions can be a quick and  
cost-efficient way for monetising 
stranded gas reserves. 
Looking ahead, Keppel O&M is also 
collaborating with other business units 
Interview with the CEO
Group Overview
to create innovative floating infrastructure 
assets, including floating desalination plants 
and data centres that harness the diverse 
capabilities of the Group.
Q 
What is the rationale behind the active 
asset divestments in the Property 
Division? Will you be re-investing 
to grow the Property business?
A
We had about 50,000 homes in our 
landbank at the end of 2018 of which 
4,100 units were added through new 
investments made during the year. 
While this is lower compared to the 
63,000 units at the end of 2017, it still 
represents over half of our Property 
book value. Turning assets efficiently is, 
therefore, a key part of our strategy to 
achieve our goal of transforming Keppel 
Land into a multi-dimensional real estate 
company with one of the highest returns 
on equity (ROE) in Asia. 
In 2018, we sold about 4,400 homes, and 
five projects equivalent to an additional 
11,500 units transacted en-bloc. That’s a 
run rate of about 16,000 homes in a year. 
The results of our efforts are evident, 
with Keppel Land making a net profit 
of $940 million for FY 2018, 41% higher 
year-on-year. Keppel Land’s ROE also grew 
to 11.4% from 7.8% in 2017, while gearing 
remained low at 0.19x as at end-2018, 
compared to 0.25x a year ago. 
We believe that our through-cycle ROE 
target of 12% for Keppel Land is reasonable, 
1
1
In the production space, 
Keppel O&M sees 
opportunities in FPSOs, 
especially conversions, 
with several projects 
reaching FID in 2019 
and 2020. (In picture: 
FPSO La Noumbi) 
2
Keppel Land is well 
positioned to tap the 
demand for quality housing 
in promising markets such 
as China and Vietnam. 
(In picture: Riviera Point, 
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam)
18   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 17--------------------------------------------------

considering that the company had achieved 
an average ROE of 14.7% annually over 
the last decade. To stay on track, we will 
continue balancing the sale of individual 
homes and projects en-bloc with the 
selective acquisition of land where pricing 
and market conditions are attractive. 
Q 
Property cooling measures in Singapore 
and China show little signs of letting up, 
how will you navigate the challenges in 
your key markets? 
A
Keppel Land’s established presence and 
sizeable landbank across different Asian 
cities give us optionality. We are not in 
a hurry to acquire land in any particular 
market, and will only invest selectively 
if the projects are able to yield attractive 
risk-adjusted returns. 
Keppel Land maintains a quality portfolio in 
Singapore, including The Garden Residences 
in Serangoon North and two more residential 
plots in the Keppel Bay precinct. We are 
also looking to redevelop Keppel Towers 
and Nassim Woods when the conditions 
are right, and these can potentially add 
over 400 homes in prime locations to our 
Singapore portfolio. We will therefore remain 
disciplined when bidding for new sites.
While cooling measures in China have 
dampened short-term housing demand, 
fundamentals in the medium to long term 
are still encouraging on the back of 
urbanisation trends and rising income 
levels. We are positioning ourselves to 
capture more opportunities by selectively 
expanding and deepening our presence in 
high-growth regions and cities where there 
continue to be good demand for quality 
housing and commercial developments. 
We will focus in particular on the Jing-Jin-Ji 
region, Yangtze River Delta, Greater Bay Area 
and the Chengdu metropolis, where we see 
considerable growth potential. The cities 
which we have recently invested in, such as 
Chengdu, Nanjing and the Sino-Singapore 
Tianjin Eco-City, have healthy supply-demand 
dynamics, and a home supply absorption 
rate of 5.3 months on average over the 
past five years. 
Apart from Singapore and China, Vietnam 
is another promising market that is driven 
by urbanisation trends. As a pioneer foreign 
developer with an established presence 
and prime landbank in Ho Chi Minh City, 
Keppel Land is well positioned to tap the 
growth of this vibrant property market, 
where the cost of land is still relatively 
low in proportion to the total cost 
of development. 
Q 
Keppel Infrastructure has been 
contributing steadily to the Group. 
What are some of the key highlights 
and opportunities for this business?
A
2018 was an active year for our energy and 
environmental infrastructure businesses 
under Keppel Infrastructure. We secured 
some $180 million worth of contracts for 
energy and environmental infrastructure 
across Singapore, Australia, China and 
Europe. In Singapore, Keppel Electric 
became the largest electricity retailer 
in the commercial and industrial sector, 
as well as a leader in the initial phases 
of the Open Electricity Market, securing 
over 50,000 household customers. 
We are also making good progress with our 
ongoing projects. The Keppel Marina East 
Desalination Plant was about 65% completed 
as at end-2018, and the Hong Kong Integrated 
Waste Management Facility is well on track 
with its design and engineering phase.
Looking ahead, we will continue to seek 
new opportunities in the infrastructure 
space. Infrastructure is both a complex 
and interesting asset class for investors. 
With the ability to create quality infrastructure 
assets and also manage them, we are well 
placed to partner institutional investors who 
want to get closer to the coal face but may 
not have the required expertise. 
This opens up more growth opportunities 
for Keppel, as we can bring in co-investors 
through the funds we manage. As and when 
the projects are completed and de-risked, 
we can also consider injecting them into 
one of our listed trusts.
Q 
What are your plans for the data centre 
and logistics businesses, especially if 
Keppel T&T is privatised?
A
Keppel T&T is more than just our data centres 
and logistics businesses – it is a provider 
of connectivity solutions for people 
and businesses in the digital economy. 
The Scheme of Arrangement to privatise 
Keppel T&T is intended to better align it 
with the Group’s objectives, and enable 
it to scale up more quickly through closer 
collaboration with our other business units. 
Connectivity is a critical growth pillar 
and enabler in our suite of solutions for 
sustainable urbanisation, be it smart cities, 
data centres or rigs of the future. All these, 
and more, are dependent on advanced 
connectivity infrastructure and solutions. 
We are positioning Keppel T&T to ride 
this digitalisation wave and meet the 
fast-changing needs of our enterprise 
customers and consumers. 
Keppel T&T will continue to sharpen its 
edge in data centre design and technology 
solutions. Our data centre business 
generated a net profit of $76 million for 
FY 2018, higher than the $15 million 
for FY 2017, after including gains from 
changes in our stake in Keppel DC REIT. 
As we move further to the right of the 
value chain, there will be more opportunities 
for Keppel T&T to leverage its partnerships 
2
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   19
--------------------------------------------------Page 18--------------------------------------------------

with the Alpha Data Centre Fund, 
Keppel DC REIT, and our other businesses 
to expand into new geographical markets 
and create compelling solutions. 
To harness the “uberisation” of logistics and 
the growing e-commerce market, we will 
continue to drive the growth of UrbanFox, 
Keppel T&T’s omnichannel logistics and channel 
management solutions brand. UrbanFox’s 
customer base has grown significantly, with 
deliveries doubling over the course of 2018. 
As a case in point, UrbanFox made 16,000 
deliveries in Singapore on 11.11 Singles’ Day 
alone last year. We have plans to bring 
UrbanFox’s solutions to other countries in 
Southeast Asia, and also explore innovative 
concepts such as online-to-offline retail that 
will bridge the gap between internet users 
and physical malls.
Q 
Now that Keppel and SPH have gained 
control of M1, which will be de-listed, 
what are your plans for the telco? 
A
Our investment in M1 has generated 
good returns for the Group. We have 
received $737 million in distributions 
and capital gains over the years, on an 
investment of $170 million. We believe 
that there is continuing value that can be 
derived from M1 but this would require 
significant efforts to realise, amidst the  
fast-changing landscape and an increasingly 
competitive telecommunications sector. 
Following the privatisation of M1, we will work 
with Singapore Press Holdings (SPH) and M1’s 
board and management to drive the needed 
business changes that will enable M1 to 
compete more effectively. These long-term 
changes would include digital transformation, 
cost management initiatives in both front 
and back-end operations, growth initiatives 
Interview with the CEO
Group Overview
Even as we grow recurring 
income to improve the 
overall quality of earnings, 
we want to ensure that we 
continue to turn our assets 
efficiently to realise value 
and achieve our desired 
mid-teen ROE target for 
the Group in the long run. 
1
into new market segments and optimisation 
of the balance sheet to unlock value.
M1’s connectivity solutions will be an 
important tool to power some of our 
other businesses, such as data centres, 
urban solutions and even our shipyards. 
M1 also complements our growing B2C 
business, giving Keppel access to a wider 
consumer market, and allowing us to offer 
services through a common digital platform. 
Already, Keppel Electric and M1 have been 
working together to bundle their power and 
mobile services for consumers. 
With increasing demand for integrated 
data centre solutions supported by subsea 
cables and 5G connectivity, the growth 
of smart cities and the proliferation of mobile 
usage, there will be many meaningful touch 
points with M1 across Keppel’s businesses 
where synergies can be harnessed.
Q 
How is Keppel Capital progressing 
on its journey towards the $50 billion 
AUM target by 2022? Where do you 
see growth coming from? 
A
2018 was an active year for our asset 
management business as it continued on 
its expansion drive, seeking out new markets 
and asset classes for long-term growth. 
Notwithstanding a few divestments by 
Alpha Investment Partners (Alpha) during 
the year, Keppel Capital’s total assets under 
management (AUM) remained stable at 
about $29 billion as at end-2018. 
Paving the way for growth, Keppel Capital 
announced acquisitions worth over  
$2 billion, and seized organic and inorganic 
opportunities to grow our asset portfolio. 
The new initiatives include the acquisition 
of industrial infrastructure company Ixom, 
20   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 19--------------------------------------------------

assets. For example, we recognised 
$401 million in revaluation gains from 
Phase 1 of Marina Bay Financial Centre, 
Singapore, over a period of two years 
from 2009. When we divested the office 
development to Keppel REIT for about 
$1.4 billion in 2010, we realised a significant 
part of the revaluation gains after adjusting 
for Keppel Land’s stake in Keppel REIT. 
Like recurring income, gains from RIDs are 
a consistent feature of the Group’s earnings 
and are included in our dividend distributions. 
For FY 2018, we would be paying out 48% 
of our total net profit, excluding the special 
cash dividend of 5.0 cents per share 
distributed to commemorate Keppel’s 
golden jubilee. 
Therefore, even as we grow recurring income 
to improve the overall quality of earnings, 
we want to ensure that we continue to turn 
our assets efficiently to realise value and 
achieve our desired mid-teen ROE target 
for the Group in the long run. 
Q 
In an environment of uncertainty and 
disruptions, what is Keppel doing to 
stay on track of its growth trajectory?
A
To thrive in this fast-paced environment, 
we need to be entrepreneurial and innovative, 
quick to seize opportunities while staying 
disciplined with risk taking. As we keep a 
watchful eye on new developments and 
potential disruptions to our businesses, 
we are also building resilience through 
our self-sustaining business model and 
strengthened governance processes. 
We see sustainability as essential to 
Keppel’s long-term success. Our goal is 
to run a profitable, safe and responsible 
business providing the best value proposition 
to customers, while being guided by our 
core values and operating principles. 
To ensure we have the license to operate as 
a global company, we need also to carefully 
consider the environmental, social and 
governance issues when determining our 
strategies and policies. In May 2018, Keppel 
Corporation became a signatory of the 
United Nations Global Compact. We are 
committed to upkeeping the Compact’s 10 
universal principles on human rights, labour, 
environment and anti-corruption, all of which 
resonate strongly with our own core values. 
We will continue to strengthen our 
compliance policies and procedures to 
ensure that we win business legally and 
ethically. Notably in 2018, Keppel O&M’s 
entities in Singapore achieved certification 
for the ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery Management 
System. We will be rolling out the ISO 
certification programme to Keppel O&M’s 
overseas entities, and are also looking to 
extend it to other business units in the Group. 
 
As we foster a dynamic environment for 
collaboration, innovation and the creation 
of synergies and economic benefits for all 
our stakeholders, we are also grooming 
a new generation of Keppelites who are 
committed to our values and mission. 
We will create a conducive workplace 
where Keppelites, regardless of gender, 
ethnicity or age can explore, develop and 
fulfil their professional aspirations as we 
take the Group into the future.
2
1
M1’s capabilities and 
consumer base will 
augment Keppel’s 
solutions for connectivity 
and complement our 
growing B2C businesses.
2
Keppel Capital continues 
to seek out new markets 
and asset classes, 
such as senior living, 
which are fuelled by 
urbanisation trends.
the proposed purchase of a 50% stake in 
leading US senior living operator Watermark 
Retirement Communities, as well as the 
setting up of new funds for education-related 
real estate and Australian retail properties. 
In January 2019, Alpha also closed the 
US$1.1 billion Alpha Asia Macro Trends 
Fund III, 10% above its initial target.
We are excited by the many growth opportunities 
as Keppel Capital progresses towards its AUM 
target of $50 billion, leveraging the Group’s 
core competencies to create innovative 
investment solutions and connect investors 
with high-quality real assets in fast-growing 
sectors fuelled by urbanisation trends.
Q 
How do you balance the focus on 
growing recurring income with driving 
higher returns through asset turns? 
A
Both recurring income and gains from 
revaluations, major impairments and 
divestments (RID) are important sources of 
earnings for a multi-business group such as 
Keppel, which runs a combination of asset 
light and asset heavy businesses, and owns 
investment properties. 
The nature of Keppel’s business is such that 
we would regularly recognise gains from RIDs, 
even though they are inherently lumpy. On 
average, RIDs contributed some $260 million 
annually to our net profit over the last five years. 
Unrealised profit, in the form of revaluation 
gains on our investment properties, is an 
important aspect of our RIDs. These revaluation 
gains are realised only when we divest the 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   21
--------------------------------------------------Page 20--------------------------------------------------

Nominating Committee
Audit Committee
Remuneration Committee 
Board Risk Committee
Board Safety Committee
Lee Boon Yang, age 71
Chairman
Non-Executive and Independent Director
Date of first appointment as a director:
1 May 2009
Date of last re-election as a director:
20 April 2018
Length of service as a director
(as at 31 December 2018):
9 years 8 months
Board Committee(s) served on:
Remuneration Committee (Member);
Nominating Committee (Member);
Board Safety Committee (Member)
Academic & Professional Qualification(s):
B.V.Sc Hon (2A), University of Queensland, 1971
Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2019):
Listed companies
Singapore Press Holdings Limited (Chairman)
Other principal directorships
Keppel Care Foundation Limited (Chairman); 
Singapore Press Holdings Foundation Limited 
(Chairman); Jilin Food Zone Pte Ltd (Chairman); 
Jilin Food Zone Investment Holdings Pte. Ltd. 
(Chairman)
Major Appointments (other than directorships):
Nil
Past Directorships held over the preceding  
5 years (from 1 January 2014 to  
31 December 2018): 
Nil
Others:
Former Minister for Information, 
Communications and the Arts (May 2003 to 
March 2009); Former Member of Parliament 
(December 1984 to April 2011)
Loh Chin Hua, age 57
Executive Director and  
Chief Executive Officer
Date of first appointment as a director:
1 January 2014
Date of last re-election as a director:
19 April 2016
Length of service as a director
(as at 31 December 2018):
5 years
Board Committee(s) served on:
Board Safety Committee (Member)
Academic & Professional Qualification(s):
Bachelor in Property Administration, Auckland 
University; Presidential Key Executive MBA, 
Pepperdine University; CFA® charterholder
Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2019):
Listed companies
Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation Ltd
(Chairman)
Other principal directorships
Keppel Offshore & Marine Ltd (Chairman); 
Keppel Land Limited (Chairman); Keppel 
Infrastructure Holdings Pte. Ltd. (Chairman); 
Keppel Capital Holdings Pte. Ltd. (Chairman); 
Keppel Care Foundation Limited
Major Appointments (other than directorships):
Singapore Business Federation (Council Member);  
National University of Singapore (Member 
of Board of Trustees); Singapore Economic 
Development Board (Board Member)
Past Directorships held over the preceding
5 years (from 1 January 2014 to
31 December 2018):
KrisEnergy Ltd; Keppel REIT Management 
Limited (Manager of Keppel REIT); Various 
fund companies under management of 
Alpha Investment Partners Limited
Others:
Nil
Board Committees
Board of Directors
Group Overview
N
A
BS
BR
R
R
N
BS
BS
22   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 21--------------------------------------------------

Tow Heng Tan, age 63
Non-Executive and
Non-Independent Director
Date of first appointment as a director:
15 September 2004
Date of last re-election as a director:
21 April 2017
Length of service as a director
(as at 31 December 2018):
14 years 4 months
Board Committee(s) served on:
Nominating Committee (Member);
Remuneration Committee (Member);
Board Risk Committee (Member)
Academic & Professional Qualification(s):
Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified 
Accountants; Fellow of the Chartered Institute 
of Management Accountants; Member of the 
Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountant 
Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2019):
Listed companies
Nil
Other principal directorships
Pavilion Capital Holdings Pte. Ltd.; Pavilion Capital 
International Pte. Ltd.; Fullerton Financial 
Holdings Pte. Ltd.; ST Asset Management Ltd; 
National Healthcare Group Pte Ltd
Major Appointments (other than directorships):
Pavilion Capital Holdings Pte. Ltd. (CEO); 
Pavilion Capital International Pte. Ltd. (CEO); 
Temasek Trust Investment Advisory Committee 
(Member)
Past Directorships held over the preceding
5 years (from 1 January 2014 to
31 December 2018):
CapitaLand Township Holdings Pte. Ltd.; 
ComfortDelGro Corporation Limited
Others:
Former Chief Investment Officer of Temasek 
International (Private) Ltd
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai, age 57
Non-Executive and
Independent Director
Date of first appointment as a director:
1 June 2009
Date of last re-election as a director:
19 April 2016
Length of service as a director
(as at 31 December 2018):
9 years 7 months
Board Committee(s) served on:
Audit Committee (Member);
Nominating Committee (Member)
Academic & Professional Qualification(s):
LLB Honours, King’s College London,  
University of London; Gray’s Inn (Barrister-at-Law); 
Senior Counsel, Singapore
Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2019):
Listed companies
United Industrial Corporation Limited;  
United Overseas Bank Limited
Other principal directorships
Valencia C.F
Major Appointments (other than directorships):
WongPartnership LLP (Chairman and Senior 
Partner); Monetary Authority of Singapore 
advisory panel to advise the Minister on appeals 
under various financial services legislation 
(Member); The Court of the Singapore 
International Arbitration Centre (Member); 
The Singapore Medical Council’s Panel of 
Disciplinary Tribunal Chairmen (Member);  
Panel of Disciplinary Tribunal Chairmen, 
Supreme Court of Singapore (Member);  
Fellow of the Singapore Institute of Arbitrators
Past Directorships held over the preceding
5 years (from 1 January 2014 to
31 December 2018):
Singapore Land Limited; Tuas Power Ltd; 
Thomson Medical Pte. Ltd. 
Others:
Past member of the Senate of the Academy  
of Law; Past member of the Council of the  
Law Society; Past member of the board of 
the Civil Service College; Former Member of 
Parliament (2006 to 2015)
Tan Ek Kia, age 70
Non-Executive and
Independent Director
Date of first appointment as a director:
1 October 2010
Date of last re-election as a director:
19 April 2016
Length of service as a director
(as at 31 December 2018):
8 years 3 months
Board Committee(s) served on:
Board Safety Committee (Chairman);
Board Risk Committee (Member);
Audit Committee (Member) 
Academic & Professional Qualification(s):
BSc Mechanical Engineering (First Class Hons), 
Nottingham University, United Kingdom; 
Management Development Programme, 
International Institute for Management 
Development, Lausanne, Switzerland;  
Fellow of the Institute of Engineers, Malaysia; 
Chartered Engineer of Engineering Council, 
United Kingdom; Member of Institute of 
Mechanical Engineer, United Kingdom
Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2019):
Listed companies
KrisEnergy Ltd (Chairman); PT Chandra Asri 
Petrochemical Tbk; Transocean Ltd
Other principal directorships
SMRT Corporation Ltd; Keppel Offshore & 
Marine Ltd; Star Energy Group Holdings Pte Ltd 
(Chairman); Dialog Systems (Asia) Pte Ltd; 
Singapore LNG Corporation Pte Ltd 
Major Appointments (other than directorships):
Nil
Past Directorships held over the preceding
5 years (from 1 January 2014 to
31 December 2018):
CitySpring Infrastructure Management Pte Ltd  
(as Trustee-Manager of CitySpring 
Infrastructure Trust); City Gas Pte Ltd 
Others:
Former Vice President (Ventures and 
Developments) of Shell Chemicals, Asia Pacific 
and Middle East region (based in Singapore); 
Former Chairman, Shell companies in  
North East Asia; Former Managing Director, 
Shell Malaysia Exploration and Production
A
N
R
N
BR
A
BS BR
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   23
--------------------------------------------------Page 22--------------------------------------------------

Danny Teoh, age 63
Non-Executive and
Independent Director
Date of first appointment as a director:
1 October 2010
Date of last re-election as a director:
21 April 2017
Length of service as a director
(as at 31 December 2018):
8 years 3 months
Board Committee(s) served on:
Audit Committee (Chairman); 
Remuneration Committee (Member); 
Board Risk Committee (Member)
Academic & Professional Qualification(s):
Associate member of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants in England & Wales
Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2019):
Listed companies
DBS Group Holdings Ltd; M1 Limited (Chairman)
Other principal directorships
Changi Airport Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd;  
DBS Bank Ltd; DBS Bank (China) Limited;  
DBS Bank (Taiwan) Ltd; DBS Foundation Ltd;  
Ascendas-Singbridge Pte. Ltd.
Major Appointments (other than directorships):
Nil
Past Directorships held over the preceding
5 years (from 1 January 2014 to
31 December 2018):
Singapore Olympic Foundation; CapitaLand Mall  
Trust Management Limited (Manager of 
CapitaLand Mall Trust); JTC Corporation
Others:
Former Managing Partner, KPMG LLP, 
Singapore; Past member of KPMG’s 
International Board and Council;  
Former Head of Audit and Risk Advisory 
Services and Head of Financial Services
A
BR
R
Tan Puay Chiang, age 71
Non-Executive and
Independent Director
Date of first appointment as a director:
20 June 2012
Date of last re-election as a director:
20 April 2018  
Length of service as a director
(as at 31 December 2018):
6 years 7 months
Board Committee(s) served on:
Nominating Committee (Chairman);
Board Safety Committee (Member)
Academic & Professional Qualification(s):
MBA (Distinction), New York University; 
Bachelor of Science (First Class Honours), 
University of Singapore 
Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2019):
Listed companies
Nil
Other principal directorships
Singapore Power Limited;
SP Services Limited (Chairman)
Major Appointments (other than directorships):
Nil
Past Directorships held over the preceding  
5 years (from 1 January 2014 to  
31 December 2018):
Neptune Orient Lines Limited
Others:
Former Chairman, ExxonMobil (China) 
Investment Co. (2001 to 2007)
Board of Directors
Group Overview
N
BS
24   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 23--------------------------------------------------

R
Till Vestring, age 55
Non-Executive and
Independent Director
Date of first appointment as a director:
16 February 2015
Date of last re-election as a director:
21 April 2017
Length of service as a director
(as at 31 December 2018):
3 years 11 months
Board Committee(s) served on:
Remuneration Committee (Chairman); 
Nominating Committee (Member)
Academic & Professional Qualification(s):
Master of Economics, University of Bonn, Germany;  
Master of Business Administration, Haas School 
of Business, University of California, Berkeley
Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2019):
Listed companies
Inchcape plc
Other principal directorships
Leap Philanthrophy Ltd;  
Banteasy Srey Development Limited 
Major Appointments (other than directorships):
Advisory Partner, Bain & Company Southeast Asia
Past Directorships held over the preceding
5 years (from 1 January 2014 to  
31 December 2018):
Singapore Chinese Orchestra Company Limited
Others:
Nil
Veronica Eng, age 65
Non-Executive and
Independent Director
Date of first appointment as a director:
1 July 2015
Date of last re-election as a director:
20 April 2018
Length of service as a director
(as at 31 December 2018):
3 years 6 months
Board Committee(s) served on:
Board Risk Committee (Chairman);
Audit Committee (Member)
Academic & Professional Qualification(s):
Bachelor of Business Administration  
(First Class Honours), University of Singapore
Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2019):
Listed companies
Nil
Other principal directorships
Keppel Capital Holdings Pte. Ltd.
Major Appointments (other than directorships):
Professor (Practice), NUS Business School
Past Directorships held over the preceding
5 years (from 1 January 2014 to  
31 December 2018):
Permira Holdings Limited
Others:
Founding Partner of Permira (1985 to 2015); 
Former Member of the Board and Executive 
Committee of Permira
Jean-François Manzoni, age 57
Non-Executive and  
Independent Director
Date of first appointment as a director:
1 October 2018
Date of last re-election as a director:
N.A.
Length of service as a director
(as at 31 December 2018):
3 months
Board Committee(s) served on:
Board Risk Committee (Member)
Academic & Professional Qualification(s):
DBA, Harvard Business School, Boston;  
MBA, McGill University, Montreal; Bachelor, 
Business Administration, l’Ecole des Hautes 
Etudes Commerciales de Montréal; Fellow of 
the Singapore Institute of Directors 
Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2019):
Listed companies
Nil
Other principal directorships
IMD Foundation Board; Association to  
Advance Collegiate Schools of Business 
(AACSB) International 
Major Appointments (other than directorships):
President and Nestlé Professor, International 
Institute for Management Development (IMD), 
Switzerland; Member of International Advisory 
panels of Singapore Public Service Division; 
Digital Switzerland; Russian Presidential 
Academy of National Economy and Public 
Administration
Past Directorships held over the preceding
5 years (from 1 January 2014 to  
31 December 2018):
Singapore Civil Service College 
Others:
Nil
A
BR
N
BR
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   25
--------------------------------------------------Page 24--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Group Boards of Directors
Group Overview
Keppel Offshore & Marine
Loh Chin Hua
Chairman
Chief Executive Officer, 
Keppel Corporation
Chris Ong Leng Yeow
Chief Executive Officer
Stephen Pan Yue Kuo
Chairman,
World-Wide Shipping Agency Limited
Po’ad Bin Shaik Abu Bakar Mattar
Independent Director, 
Hong Leong Finance Limited
Tan Ek Kia
Chairman, 
Star Energy Group Holdings Pte Ltd
Lim Chin Leong
Former Chairman of Asia, 
Schlumberger
Robert D. Somerville
Chairman, 
Maine Maritime Academy Board of Trustee
Chan Hon Chew
Chief Financial Officer, 
Keppel Corporation
Kevin Kwok Khien
Independent Director, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd
(appointment till 31 Mar 2019)
Keppel Land
Loh Chin Hua
Chairman
Chief Executive Officer, 
Keppel Corporation
Tan Swee Yiow
Chief Executive Officer
Tan Yam Pin
Former Managing Director, 
Fraser and Neave Group
Koh-Lim Wen Gin
Former URA Chief Planner and  
Deputy Chief Executive Officer
Yap Chee Meng
Former Senior Partner, KPMG and 
COO of KPMG International for Asia Pacific
Willy Shee Ping Yah
Senior Advisor and Former Asia Chairman, 
CBRE
Chan Hon Chew
Chief Financial Officer, 
Keppel Corporation
Keppel Infrastructure
Loh Chin Hua
Chairman
Chief Executive Officer, 
Keppel Corporation 
Dr Ong Tiong Guan
Chief Executive Officer  
Chan Hon Chew
Chief Financial Officer, 
Keppel Corporation
Koh Ban Heng
Director
Khoo Chin Hean
Director
Louis Lim Lu-yi
Chief Operating Officer, 
Keppel Land
26   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 25--------------------------------------------------

Keppel REIT Management
(Manager of Keppel REIT)
Mrs Penny Goh 
Chairman
Co-Chairman and Senior Partner, 
Allen & Gledhill LLP
Lee Chiang Huat
Independent Director
Lor Bak Liang
Independent Director
Christina Tan Hua Mui
Chief Executive Officer, 
Keppel Capital 
Tan Swee Yiow
Chief Executive Officer, 
Keppel Land 
Alan Rupert Nisbet
Independent Director
Keppel Infrastructure Fund
Management (Trustee-manager
of Keppel Infrastructure Trust)
Koh Ban Heng 
Chairman
Thio Shen Yi
Joint Managing Director, 
TSMP Law Corporation
Daniel Cuthbert Ee Hock Huat
Independent Director 
Mark Andrew Yeo Kah Chong
Independent Director 
Kunnasagaran Chinniah
Independent Director
Christina Tan Hua Mui
Chief Executive Officer,
Keppel Capital
Lim Joo Ling Cindy 
Director (Group Corporate Development), 
Keppel Corporation 
Managing Director,  
Keppel Urban Solutions
(effective 18 Jul 2018)
Keppel Telecommunications
& Transportation
Loh Chin Hua
Chairman
Chief Executive Officer, 
Keppel Corporation
Thomas Pang Thieng Hwi
Chief Executive Officer 
Prof Neo Boon Siong
Canon Endowed Chair Professor of  
Business at Nanyang Business School,  
Nanyang Technological University 
Karmjit Singh
Independent Director
Lim Chin Leong
Former Chairman of Asia, 
Schlumberger
Chan Hon Chew
Chief Financial Officer, 
Keppel Corporation 
Khor Poh Hwa
Independent Director  
Mrs Lee Ai Ming
Senior Consultant, 
Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP 
Keppel DC REIT Management
(Manager of Keppel DC REIT)
Christina Tan Hua Mui
Chairman
Chief Executive Officer, 
Keppel Capital
Lee Chiang Huat
Independent Director
Leong Weng Chee
Independent Director
Dileep Nair
Independent Director 
Dr Tan Tin Wee
Chief Executive,  
National Supercomputing Centre, Singapore
Thomas Pang Thieng Hwi
Chief Executive Officer,
Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation
Low Huan Ping
Independent Director
(effective 28 Feb 2019)
Kenny Kwan
Principal,  
Baker & McKenzie
(effective 28 Feb 2019)
Keppel-KBS US REIT Management
(Manager of Keppel-KBS US REIT)
Peter McMillan III
Chairman 
Co-founder and Managing Director,   
Willowbrook Capital Group, LLC 
Soong Hee Sang
Independent Director
John J. Ahn
President,  
Great American Capital Partners
Kenneth Tan Jhu Hwa
Co-Managing Partner and Managing Director,  
Southern Capital Group Private Limited
Paul Tham
Chief Executive Officer, 
Keppel REIT Management  
(Manager of Keppel REIT)
 
Keppel Capital
Loh Chin Hua
Chairman
Chief Executive Officer, 
Keppel Corporation
Christina Tan Hua Mui
Chief Executive Officer 
Chan Hon Chew
Chief Financial Officer, 
Keppel Corporation
 
Dr Ong Tiong Guan
Chief Executive Officer, 
Keppel Infrastructure 
Thomas Pang Thieng Hwi
Chief Executive Officer, 
Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation 
Tow Heng Tan
Chief Executive Officer, 
Pavilion Capital International Pte. Ltd. 
Veronica Eng
Independent Director, 
Keppel Corporation 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   27
--------------------------------------------------Page 26--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Technology Advisory Panel
Group Overview
The Keppel Technology Advisory Panel 
(KTAP) was established in 2004 as a 
key platform to advance the Group’s 
technology leadership. Its members 
include eminent business leaders and 
industry experts from across the world.
KTAP members provide technology 
foresight for Keppel, advise on strategic 
projects, and provide contacts to broaden 
Keppel’s networks. Collectively, members’ 
expertise cover a range of topics under 
sustainable urbanisation, such as floating 
platforms, urban design and liveability, 
alternative energy and efficiency, as 
well as communications networks and 
digitalisation. This has helped Keppel 
to enhance business value and harness 
synergies across the Group.
KTAP convenes once a year with key 
members of Keppel Corporation’s board 
and senior management, and provides 
support on projects when required. 
Professor Ng Wun Jern
Chairman
BSc (Civil Engineering) QMC London University, 
MSc (Water Resources) and PhD University of 
Birmingham, PE(S),CEng(S), FIES, FAES. 
Professor Ng founded the Nanyang 
Environment & Water Research Institute 
and led it for 10 years. He is Professor of 
Environmental Engineering in the School 
of Civil & Environmental Engineering at 
Nanyang Technological University where 
he leads the Environmental Bio-innovations 
Group (EBiG). He has some 600 publications 
on water and wastewater management, 
and soil remediation; has founded spin-off 
companies based on his IPs, and serves as 
technical advisor to government agencies 
and various companies across ASEAN, 
China and India. Professor Ng’s own 
spin-off companies also operate in these 
geographies. He is active in the venture 
capital and accelerator funding space. 
Professor Ng’s contributions to education, 
research and the industry have been 
recognised with numerous awards.
Peter Noble
Fellow, Land Medalist and Past-President, 
Society of Naval Architects & Marine Engineering, 
USA; Fellow and Vice President, The Institute of  
Marine Engineering, Science and Technology, 
UK; Fellow, Canadian Academy of Engineering; 
Offshore Technology Distinguished Achievement 
Award for Individuals, B.Sc. Naval Architecture, 
University of Glasgow.    
Mr Noble is a naval architect and ocean 
engineer with a wide range of expertise 
and experience in the marine and offshore 
industries. His career has included positions 
with shipyards, ship and offshore design 
consultants, offshore and marine research 
and development companies, major 
classification societies and as chief naval 
architect with an international oil company. 
He currently undertakes consulting and 
advisory assignments across a broad range 
of topics relating to ocean engineering.
Mr Noble holds a number of patents and 
is active on the advisory boards of several 
universities and institutions.
Seated, from left: Loh Chin Hua (CEO of Keppel Corporation) and Dr Lee Boon Yang (Chairman of Keppel Corporation).
Standing, from left: Professor Jim Swithenbank, Professor Stefan Thomke, Professor Ng Wun Jern, Peter Noble, Chua Kee Lock and Dr Liu Thai-Ker.
Not in picture: Professor Foong Sew Bun.
28   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 27--------------------------------------------------

Dr Liu Thai-Ker
B. Architecture (First Class Honours and 
University Medal) and Doctor of Science 
honoris causa, University of New South Wales; 
Master in City planning with Parson’s Memorial 
Medal, Yale University.
Dr Liu is Founder and Chairman of Morrow 
Architects & Planners Pte Ltd. He is the 
Founding Chairman of Centre of Liveable 
Cities, and has been Chairman of the Advisory 
Board since 2008. Dr Liu has served as the 
Adjunct Professor of School of Design and 
Environment and the Lee Kuan Yew School of 
Public Policy, National University of Singapore. 
He is also the Adjunct Professor in the College 
of Humanities, Arts & Social Sciences, Nanyang 
Technological University. He is a member of 
several governmental bodies in Singapore and 
planning advisor to around 30 cities in China.
Dr Liu was Director of RSP Architects Planners 
& Engineers Pte Ltd from 1991 to 2017. 
He was the Architect Planner and CEO of the 
Housing & Development Board from 1969 
to 1989, as well as CEO and Chief Planner of 
Urban Redevelopment Authority from 1989 
to 1992. Dr Liu served as the Chairman of the 
National Arts Council from 1996 to June 2005, 
and Singapore Tyler Print Institute from 2000 
to 2009. He served as the chairperson of the 
External Review Panel, Arts Quality Framework 
appointed by the Ministry of Education in 
2009 and a founding member of the Board 
of Trustees, Arts & Culture Development Fund, 
Ministry of Information, Communications and 
the Arts in 2010.
Professor Jim Swithenbank
BSc, PhD, DSc, DEng, FREng, FInstE, FIChemE, 
Energy and Environmental Engineering Group.
Professor Swithenbank is a Fellow of 
the Royal Academy of Engineering, 
Chairman of the Sheffield University Waste 
Incineration Research Centre, and a member 
of numerous international combustion and 
energy committees. He was the President 
of the Institute of Energy from 1986 to 1987, 
and served on many UK government/DTI/
EPSRC Committees. A prolific researcher 
with over 400 refereed papers to his credit 
and the holder of more than 30 patents, 
Professor Swithenbank’s current work is 
largely focused on energy and environmental 
issues of CHP, fossil fuels, biomass, waste 
and hydrogen.
Professor Stefan Thomke
BSc (Electrical Engineering), University of 
Oklahoma; MSc (Electrical & Computer 
Engineering), Arizona State University; 
SM (Operations Research), SM (Mgmt.), 
PhD (Electrical Engineering & Mgmt.), 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology; 
Dr. rer. oec. (Honorary), HHL Leipzig Graduate 
School of Management, AM (Honorary), 
Harvard University.
Professor Thomke has published widely and 
is an authority on innovation management. 
He is the William Barclay Harding Professor 
of Business Administration at Harvard 
Business School and has chaired several 
of the university’s executive education 
programmes. Prior to joining Harvard, 
Professor Thomke was with McKinsey & 
Company in Germany.
Chua Kee Lock
BSc. (Mechanical Engineering), University of  
Wisconsin at Madison; M.Eng, Stanford University.
Mr Chua is the CEO of Vertex Venture 
Holdings Ltd. Prior to joining Vertex Group, 
he was the President and Executive 
Director of Biosensors International Group, 
Ltd. From 2003 to 2006, Mr Chua was a 
managing director of Walden International. 
Between 1987 to 1997 and 2001 to 2003, 
he served in various senior roles within 
the NatSteel Group. Positions he held 
include Vice President of Transpac Capital, 
CEO of Intraco Ltd and Deputy President 
of NatSteel Ltd. Between 1998 to 2000, 
Mr Chua was the Co-founder and President 
of MediaRing.com Ltd, a voice over Internet 
services company which was successfully 
listed in Singapore in late -1999.
Mr Chua also serves as an independent 
board member of Yongmao Holdings Ltd, 
an SGX-listed company.
Professor Foong Sew Bun
Fellow, Singapore Computer Society; 
Dip (Electronics and Communications Eng.) 
Singapore Polytechnic; MSc. and BSc. 
(Computer Science) University of Texas 
at Austin.
Professor Foong is the Global Head of Digital 
Transformation (Retail, Private Banking, 
Wealth) for Standard Chartered Bank, 
responsible for agile digital transformation, 
disruptive innovation and solution architects 
in global Retail, Private Banking and Wealth 
Management. Prior to Standard Chartered, 
Professor Foong was with IBM from 2000 
to September 2016, where he started as the 
first Software Architect for IBM India and 
South Asia, and eventually became the first in 
IBM Asia Pacific and first Singaporean to be 
recognised as an IBM Distinguished Engineer 
in 2007/2008 for his sustained track record 
of technical leadership and innovations. As a 
former IBM executive, Professor Foong led top 
clients of IBM and IBM technical community 
as the Chief Technology Officer for ASEAN 
and Singapore, global IBM Cloud Advisor 
leadership team, and Chairman of the IBM 
Growth Market Unit Distinguished Engineers 
Board. He served on top global IBM technical 
councils including the corporate Technology 
Team Advisory Council, IBM Academy 
of Technology Leadership Team and the 
S&D Technical Leadership Team.
Prior to IBM, Professor Foong spent 10 years 
in the IT industry with healthcare, banks, 
university, and led design and implementation 
of top secret fighter craft simulators for 
defence. He was also an Adjunct Associate 
Professor with the National University of 
Singapore from 2008 to 2013 and has been 
an Adjunct Professor since 2014.
Professor Foong serves in several major 
government and industry committees, 
including the Services and Digital Economy 
R&D Executive Committee with National 
Research Foundation (NRF); Technical 
Advisor under the Central Innovation and 
Enterprise Office Central Gap Fund of NRF; 
former member of the Institute of Singapore 
Chartered Accountants CFO Committee; 
Singapore Polytechnic Department 
of Electrical and Electronics Advisory 
Committee; committees by the Singapore 
Computer Society, and also served as the 
former Chairman and Senior Advisor of the 
National Infocomm Competency Framework 
Steering Committee.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   29
--------------------------------------------------Page 28--------------------------------------------------

Senior Management
Group Overview
Keppel Corporation
Loh Chin Hua
Chief Executive Officer
Chan Hon Chew
Chief Financial Officer
Offshore & Marine
Chris Ong Leng Yeow
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel Offshore & Marine
Managing Director (Offshore)
Keppel Offshore & Marine
Paul Tan Poh Lee
Chief Financial Officer
Keppel Offshore & Marine
Chor How Jat
Managing Director
(Conversions & Repairs)
Keppel Offshore & Marine
Abu Bakar Bin Mohd Nor
Managing Director
(Gas & Specialised Vessels)
Keppel Offshore & Marine
Tan Leong Peng
Executive Director (Offshore)
Keppel Offshore & Marine
Simon Lee Kim Foong
President
Keppel Offshore & Marine, USA
Marlin Khiew Huey Kang
President
Keppel FELS Brasil
Leong Kok Weng
President
Keppel Philippines Marine
Edmund Lek Hwee Chong
President
Keppel Nantong Shipyard
Keppel Nantong Heavy Industries
Property
Tan Swee Yiow
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel Land
(effective 1 Jan 2019)
Lim Kei Hin
Chief Financial Officer
Keppel Land
(appointment till 14 Aug 2018)
Tan Boon Ping
Chief Financial Officer
Keppel Land
(effective 15 Aug 2018) 
Louis Lim Lu-yi
Chief Operating Officer
Keppel Land
Ng Ooi Hooi
President, Singapore
Keppel Land
Ben Lee Siew Keong
President, China
Keppel Land
Linson Lim Soon Kooi
President, Vietnam
Keppel Land
Goh York Lin
President, Indonesia
Keppel Land
Sam Moon Thong
President, Regional Investments
Keppel Land
Corporate Services
Cindy Lim
Director
Group Corporate Development
Managing Director
Keppel Urban Solutions   
  
Sebastien Lamy
Director
Group Strategy & Development
Managing Director
Keppel Technology & Innovation  
(effective 1 Jan 2019)
   
Yeo Meng Hin
Director
Group Human Resources
   
Ho Tong Yen 
Director
Group Corporate Communications
   
Lynn Koh
General Manager
Group Treasury
   
Caroline Chang
General Manager
Group Legal
  
Tok Soo Hwa
General Manager
Group Control & Accounts
   
Sepalika Kulasekera
General Manager
Group Internal Audit
  
Kevin Chng 
General Manager
Group Risk & Compliance
Jacob Tong
General Manager
Group Information Systems
Tay Guan Chew 
General Manager
Group Tax
   
Jaggi Ramesh Kumar 
General Manager
Group Health,  
Safety & Environment
  
Eric Goh
Chief Representative, China
   
Linson Lim Soon Kooi 
Country Representative, Vietnam
   
Ho Kiam Kheong
India Representative
   
Tay Lim Heng
Chief Executive Officer 
Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City 
Investment and Development
30   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 29--------------------------------------------------

Infrastructure
Dr Ong Tiong Guan
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel Infrastructure
Lim Siew Hwa
Chief Financial Officer
Keppel Infrastructure
Tan Boon Leng
Executive Director
(Environmental Infrastructure)
Keppel Infrastructure
Nicholas Lai Garchun
Executive Director
(Energy Infrastructure)
Keppel Infrastructure
Alan Tay Teck Loon
Executive Director
(Business Development)
Keppel Infrastructure
Thomas Pang Thieng Hwi
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation
Tan Eng Hwa
Chief Financial Officer
Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation
Wong Wai Meng
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel Data Centres
Desmond Gay Kah Meng
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel Logistics
Investments
Christina Tan Hua Mui
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel Capital
Ang Sock Cheng
Chief Financial Officer
Keppel Capital
(effective 1 Jan 2019)
Tan Swee Yiow
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel REIT Management
(appointment till 31 Dec 2018)
Paul Tham
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel REIT Management
(effective 1 Jan 2019)
Matthew Pollard
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel Infrastructure Fund Management
Chua Hsien Yang
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel DC REIT Management
David Snyder
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel-KBS US REIT Management
Alvin Mah
Chief Executive Officer
Alpha Investment Partners
Bridget Lee
Chief Executive Officer
Keppel Capital Alternative Asset
(effective 1 Jan 2019)
Unions
Keppel FELS Employees’ Union
Mahmood Bin Ali
President
Atyyah Binte Hassan
General Secretary
Keppel Employees’ Union
Razali Bin Maulod
President
Atan Enjah
General Secretary
Shipbuilding & Marine
Engineering Employees’ Union
Eileen Yeo Chor Gek
General Secretary
NTUC Central Committee Member
Singapore Industrial &
Services Employees’ Union
Sazali Bin Zainal
President
Philip Lee Soon Fatt
General Secretary
Sylvia Choo Sor Chew
Executive Secretary
Union of Power & Gas Employees
Tay Seng Chye
President
Abdul Samad Bin Abdul Wahab
General Secretary
S. Thiagarajan
Executive Secretary
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   31
--------------------------------------------------Page 30--------------------------------------------------

We are committed 
to clear, timely 
and consistent 
communication 
with the investment 
community.
Keppel Corporation’s vision is to be a 
global company at the forefront of its 
chosen industries, shaping the future for 
the benefit of all stakeholders. As the 
Group continues on its growth trajectory, 
investor relations (IR) is key to providing 
and maintaining balanced disclosure of 
our operational and financial performance, 
as well as corporate strategy.
In 2018, we focused on deepening the 
investment community’s understanding 
of our multi-business strategy, solutions 
for sustainable urbanisation provided 
through the Group’s business verticals, 
collaboration across the Group, as well as 
new growth initiatives. 
Investor and Analyst Engagement
During the year, we held 216 meetings 
and conference calls with institutional 
investors, including non-deal roadshows 
and conferences reaching out to investors 
in Hong Kong, Japan, the United Kingdom 
and the United States. We also hosted 
tours of our residential and commercial 
properties in China and Vietnam.
We continued to improve on disclosures 
as we engaged analysts and investors, 
including providing more information on 
the Property and Investments divisions.
Presently, 18 sell-side research houses, 
with analysts based in Singapore and 
Malaysia, provide coverage on Keppel 
Corporation. We continue to actively 
engage and maintain close interactions 
with these research analysts, who contribute 
to achieving balanced and fair valuations 
of the Company.
In 2018, apart from regular results briefings, 
top management held a briefing for analysts 
on the Pre-conditional Voluntary General 
Offer for M1 by Keppel Corporation and 
Singapore Press Holdings (SPH), and the 
Scheme of Arrangement to privatise Keppel 
Telecommunications & Transportation 
(Keppel T&T). We have also actively 
engaged the investment community 
to help them understand the rationale 
for the transaction, as well as long-term 
plans to drive business transformation 
at M1. 
 
As part of our ongoing efforts to engage retail 
shareholders, we partnered the Securities 
Investors Association (Singapore) (SIAS), 
to organise a briefing for retail shareholders, 
where the Chief Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Keppel 
Corporation updated and engaged about 
120 investors on the Group’s strategic 
developments and performance. Our regular 
contribution towards the SIAS Investor 
Education Programme has benefitted 
around 2,500 of our retail shareholders, 
who as complimentary members of 
the Association, enjoy access to a wide 
range of seminars, workshops and other 
support services during the year.
We will continue enhancing our best 
practices and disclosures to enable the 
investment community to better appreciate 
Keppel’s strategic directions and how the 
Group creates value by providing solutions 
for sustainable urbanisation.
IR Resources
Our mobile-friendly corporate website  
www.kepcorp.com continues to be 
the key resource for stock exchange 
announcements, quarterly results and 
annual reports, investor events, stock 
and dividend information and investor 
presentation slides. Contact information 
of our IR personnel can also be found 
on the website.
To ensure fair and prompt dissemination 
of information, we post all new material 
announcements on our website immediately 
after they are released to the Singapore 
Exchange (SGX).
We hold “live” webcasts of our quarterly 
results briefings, which facilitate real-time 
interaction with senior management. 
An archive of the quarterly webcast, 
together with the presentation materials 
and management speeches, are made 
available on our website on the same 
day the results are released on the SGX. 
A transcript of the questions and answers 
session from each webcast is also posted 
online the following day.
Shareholder Information
As at 8 February 2019, institutions 
formed 53.0% of our shareholder base, 
while retail investors accounted for 
the remaining 47.0%. Shareholders in 
Singapore held approximately 34.8% of 
our issued capital, while those in the rest 
of Asia held 4.0%, North America 9.7% 
and Europe 8.6%.
Investor Relations
Group Overview
* Others comprise the rest of the world, as well as 
unidentified holdings and holdings below the 
analysis threshold as at 8 February 2019.
Shareholding by Geography (%)
  
34.8
4.0
9.7
8.6
42.9
Asia (ex Singapore)
Singapore
North America
Europe
Others*
Total
100.0
Shareholding by Investors (%)
  
53.0
Retail
Institutions
47.0
Total
100.0
32   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 31--------------------------------------------------

Investor Relations Calendar
The following key events were held in 2018 to engage our investors and analysts:
Q4
3Q & 9M 2018 live 
results webcast.
Non-deal roadshow to Tokyo 
hosted by Daiwa.
Investor visit to Keppel Land  
Vietnam.
Q2
1Q 2018 live results webcast.
Non-deal roadshows to New York, 
and to London and Edinburgh, 
hosted by CGS-CIMB and Credit 
Suisse respectively.
50th Annual General Meeting 
(AGM).
Group visits to Keppel Land 
Vietnam for clients of Citigroup 
and Deutsche Bank.
Investor visit to Sino-Singapore 
Tianjin Eco-City.
Q1
4Q & FY 2017 results conference 
and live webcast.
Non-deal roadshow to Hong 
Kong hosted by UBS.
Q3
2Q & 1H 2018 results 
conference and live webcast.
Keppel Corporation’s Briefing 
for Retail Shareholders, hosted 
by SIAS.
Analyst briefing on Pre-conditional 
Voluntary General Offer for M1 
by Keppel Corporation and SPH, 
and Scheme of Arrangement 
to privatise Keppel T&T.
CLSA Investors’ Forum 2018 
in Hong Kong.
1
2
3
1
Senior management 
of Keppel Corporation 
addressed questions 
from media and analysts 
at the Company’s 2Q & 
1H 2018 results briefing.
2
Dr Lee Boon Yang, 
Chairman of Keppel 
Corporation, engaged 
retail shareholders at 
the Company’s AGM. 
3
Mr Chan Hon Chew, 
CFO of Keppel Corporation, 
presented business 
updates at the Company’s 
Briefing for Retail 
Shareholders hosted 
by SIAS.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   33
--------------------------------------------------Page 32--------------------------------------------------

Q1
Offshore & Marine
Keppel Offshore & Marine 
(Keppel O&M) delivered the 
jackup rig SAGA to Borr Drilling.  
Keppel O&M secured a contract 
to build a mid-water harsh 
environment semisubmersible 
worth US$425 million for Awilco.
Property
Keppel Land consolidated its 
ownerships of Keppel Land 
Retail Management, as well 
as Saigon Sports City in  
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Infrastructure
Keppel Infrastructure secured 
two performance bonuses and 
signed a five-year Technical 
Support Agreement for the 
Runcorn Energy-from-Waste 
Facility in the United Kingdom. 
UrbanFox partnered SmartOSC, 
a leading e-commerce agency, to 
jointly promote their end-to-end 
e-commerce services to retailers 
across Southeast Asia (SEA).
Investments
Keppel DC REIT entered 
into a contract to acquire 
a long leasehold interest in 
Keppel DC Dublin 1. 
Keppel Urban Solutions (KUS) 
signed a Memorandum of 
Understanding (MOU) with 
Envision to leverage each 
other’s resources to advance 
their solutions for new and 
clean energy, and smart cities.
Q2
Offshore & Marine
Keppel O&M delivered two 
projects, namely a jackup rig 
to Borr Drilling, as well as 
SEA’s first dual-fuel Liquefied 
Natural Gas (LNG) tug to 
Keppel Smit Towage. 
Keppel O&M secured three 
newbuild contracts namely, 
Singapore’s first dual-fuel 
bunker tanker from Mitsui, 
SEA’s first LNG bunkering 
vessel from FueLNG, and 
two high-specification Trailing 
Suction Hopper Dredgers 
from Van Oord. 
Keppel O&M sold five existing 
jackup rigs to Borr Drilling for 
approximately US$745 million. 
Keppel O&M signed a cooperation 
agreement with KrisEnergy, 
where Keppel, as the preferred 
contractor, will offer KrisEnergy 
a comprehensive suite of 
offshore oil and gas solutions.
Keppel O&M signed an MOU 
with the Maritime Port Authority 
of Singapore and Technology 
Centre for Offshore and Marine, 
Singapore to jointly develop 
autonomous vessels for a 
variety of applications including 
undertaking harbour operations.
Property
In China, Keppel Land announced 
the divestment of its stakes in 
two residential projects en-bloc 
in Shenyang, and a commercial 
project in Beijing.  
Infrastructure
Keppel Data Centres partnered 
DE-CIX to enhance cloud 
connectivity at Keppel DC 
Frankfurt 1. 
Investments
Keppel DC REIT acquired 
Keppel DC Singapore 5. 
KUS signed MOUs with 
Filinvest Development 
Corporation (Filinvest) and 
ST Engineering to develop 
solutions for sustainable 
developments in the Philippines, 
Vietnam and other markets.
Q3
Corporate
Keppel Corporation announced, 
in collaboration with Singapore 
Press Holdings, a strategic 
initiative to gain majority 
control of M1.
Keppel Corporation and 
Keppel Telecommunications  
& Transportation (Keppel T&T) 
jointly proposed a Scheme 
of Arrangement to privatise 
Keppel T&T.
Keppel Corporation was named 
Winner of the UN SDG Category 
at the Sustainable Business 
Awards 2018.
Keppel Group clinched 28 awards 
at the Workplace Safety and 
Health Awards 2018.
Offshore & Marine
Keppel O&M secured two 
contracts with a combined 
value of about $70 million, to 
undertake the topside module 
fabrication and integration of 
a Floating Production Storage 
and Offloading (FPSO) vessel 
for MODEC, as well as to convert 
an LNG carrier into a Floating 
Storage and Re-gasification 
Unit (FSRU).   
Keppel O&M delivered its 
second dual-fuel tug capable 
of running on LNG, Maju Loyalty, 
to Maju Maritime and Keppel 
Smit Towage.  
Keppel O&M signed a 
Technical Assistance and 
License Agreement with 
Gastransport & Technigaz to 
jointly offer LNG systems in 
the design, construction and 
maintenance of LNG vessels.  
In 2018, Keppel O&M secured its first 
drilling rig order since 2014, to build  
a mid-water harsh environment 
semisubmersible for Awilco.
KUS signed an agreement with Filinvest 
to develop and enhance urban solutions 
for Filinvest’s development portfolio in 
the Philippines.
Significant Milestones
Group Overview
34   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 33--------------------------------------------------

Intellicentre 3 East Data Centre is 
Keppel DC REIT’s fourth data centre 
in Australia.
Property
In China, Keppel Land 
announced the acquisition 
of stakes in two residential 
projects in Chengdu and Nanjing.
Keppel Land and its joint 
venture partner Banco de Oro 
Unibank topped off The Podium 
West Tower, Phase 2 of the 
SM-KL Project, in Manila, 
the Philippines. 
Keppel Land entered into an 
agreement to divest 51% of 
its convertible bonds issued 
by Nam Long Investment 
Corporation (NLG) and to 
convert the remaining 49% 
of the Bonds into shares. 
Keppel Land entered into a 
conditional agreement to divest 
a 70% interest in Dong Nai 
Waterfront City in Vietnam to NLG.
Infrastructure
Keppel Infrastructure was 
awarded a contract for the 
initial phase of a tender by 
JTC Corporation to design a 
new district cooling system 
plant in the upcoming Jurong 
Innovation District in Singapore. 
Keppel Data Centres, Alpha Data 
Centre Fund (Alpha DC Fund) 
and Salim Group signed 
conditional agreements to 
jointly develop and operate a 
data centre in Bogor, Indonesia.
Keppel Data Centres entered 
into an agreement with 
technology companies in 
China to develop, operate and 
maintain more efficient and 
robust data centres in China 
and around the world. 
Investments
Keppel Capital signed MOUs 
with MindChamps and Vicinity 
to establish an education 
real estate fund and a 
wholesale Australian property 
fund respectively. 
Keppel Capital entered into a 
conditional agreement to acquire 
a 50% stake in Watermark 
Retirement Communities, 
a leading senior living operator 
in the United States (US). 
Keppel DC REIT entered into 
an agreement with Macquarie 
Telecom to develop Intellicentre 
3 East Data Centre in Sydney,  
Australia.
Keppel-KBS US REIT (KORE) 
announced its maiden 
acquisition of the Westpark 
portfolio in Seattle, the US.
Q4
Offshore & Marine
Keppel O&M delivered the FPSO 
vessel La Noumbi to Perenco. 
Keppel O&M secured contracts 
worth over $400 million for a 
newbuild ice-class LNG bunker 
vessel from Shturman Koshelev, 
65 scrubber retrofit projects, 
a production barge upgrade from 
KrisEnergy, refurbishment of an 
FPSO and two small-scale LNG 
carriers from Stolt-Nielsen Gas. 
Keppel O&M received Limited 
Notice to Proceed from Golar LNG 
to commence early conversion 
works for Gimi FLNG. 
Property
In China, Keppel Land acquired 
two residential land plots, 
namely in Tianjin Eco-City and 
Chengdu, and announced the 
acquisition of a completed 
commercial property in Beijing. 
Keppel Land signed a General 
Collaboration Agreement with 
PT Metropolitan Land (Metland) 
to cooperate on residential 
projects owned and occupied 
by Metland in Greater Jakarta, 
Indonesia. Following this, 
Keppel Land and Metland 
entered into an agreement to 
jointly develop a residential site 
in Metland Menteng township 
in East Jakarta, Indonesia. 
Keppel Land, together with its 
joint venture partner Puravankara, 
entered into an agreement to 
acquire a 3.09-hectare (ha) site 
in Bengaluru, India, to develop 
a Grade A office tower and 
retail-cum-office facility.
Keppel Land consolidated its 
ownership in I12 Katong mall 
in Singapore.
Infrastructure
Keppel Infrastructure secured 
a contract to supply waste-to-
energy (WTE) technology and 
services for Australia’s first 
WTE plant in Kwinana. 
Keppel Data Centres and Alpha 
DC Fund signed an agreement 
to develop and operate the 
Group’s first greenfield data 
centre in Johor, Malaysia. 
Keppel Electric became one 
of the retailers with the highest 
market shares in Singapore’s 
Open Electricity Market.
Investments
Keppel REIT divested a 
20% minority stake in Ocean 
Financial Centre in Singapore 
to Allianz Real Estate. 
Keppel Infrastructure Trust 
announced the proposed 
acquisition of Ixom, one of 
the leading industrial and 
infrastructure businesses in 
Australia and New Zealand. 
KORE announced the acquisition 
of Maitland Promenade I in 
Florida, the US. 
KUS signed an MOU with Envision 
and the Wuxi government to 
develop a Smart Internet of 
Things City in Xuelang Town, 
Taihu New City in Wuxi, China.
Australia’s first WTE plant in Kwinana will 
use Keppel Seghers’ proprietary technology 
and processes. 
Keppel Land expanded its footprint in 
China with the acquisition of a 10.97-ha 
residential site in Tianjin Eco-City.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   35
--------------------------------------------------Page 34--------------------------------------------------

Group Overview
Sustainability Framework
We are committed to sustainability,  
and consider environmental, social and 
governance issues in the determination  
of our strategy and policies. Our approach 
to sustainability starts with our goal to run  
a profitable, safe and responsible business 
providing the best value proposition to 
customers, making a difference to the  
wider community, and contributing to a 
sustainable future. 
MATERIALITY APPROACH
HOW WE CREATE VALUE
Keppel provides robust solutions for sustainable 
urbanisation to meet the world’s needs for energy, 
infrastructure, clean environments, high quality 
homes and offices, and connectivity. 
Material issues affect our ability to 
create value in the long term, and 
influence the decisions of 
our stakeholders.
Process
A robust process was undertaken to 
identify and prioritise Keppel Corporation’s 
material environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) issues. The process 
was supported by an independent 
consultant and involved stakeholder 
consultations, workshops for senior 
management, an assessment of 
long-term global trends and an internal 
review of our businesses. The material 
ESG issues for Keppel Corporation 
were reviewed in 2018 and deemed 
to remain relevant. 
Keppel Corporation  
Material Issues
Tier 1: Issues of Critical Importance
• Corporate governance
• Economic sustainability
• Safety and health
• Product excellence
• Environmental performance
Tier 2: Issues of High Importance
• Labour practices and human rights
• Community development
• Supply chain and 
responsible procurement
Our Business Engines
Keppel provides solutions for sustainable urbanisation, with key businesses in Offshore  
& Marine, Property, Infrastructure and Investments.
 For more information on how we create value through our business model, please refer to pages 40 and 41.
Our Strategy
Our approach to sustainability starts with our goal to run a profitable, safe and responsible 
business providing the best value proposition to customers, while guided by our core 
values and operating principles.
The company’s sustainability strategy is guided by the three thrusts of Sustaining Growth, 
Empowering Lives and Nurturing Communities.
For more information, view our Sustainability Report on our website at www.kepcorp.com
Balanced Scorecard
The Company’s balanced 
scorecard aligns compensation 
with corporate and individual 
performance, both in terms of 
financial and non-financial 
performance. 
There are four scorecard areas 
that the Company has identified 
as key to measuring the 
performance of the Group:
1. Financial and Business Drivers; 
2. Process; 
3. Stakeholders; and 
4. People. 
Some of the key sub-targets 
within each of the scorecard 
areas include key financial 
indicators, safety goals, risk 
management, compliance and 
controls measures, sustainability 
efforts, employee engagement, 
talent development and 
succession planning. 
The four scorecard areas have 
been chosen because they 
support how the Group achieves 
its strategic objectives. The 
framework provides a link for 
staff to understand how they 
contribute to each area of the 
scorecard, and therefore to the 
Company’s overall strategic 
goals. This is designed to achieve 
a consistent approach and 
understanding across the Group.
MEASURING PERFORMANCE
OUR STAKEHOLDERS
Employees
We are committed to investing in the 
development of our people. We adopt 
merit-based recruitment practices and 
emphasise diversity and inclusiveness. 
In our recent employee engagement survey, 
87% of our employees indicated that they 
would “go beyond the norm” to contribute 
to Keppel’s success. 
Customers
Customer satisfaction is crucial to the 
success of our businesses. We are committed 
to continually improve our range of products 
to better meet customers’ needs, and we 
harness insights from our engagements 
with customers. 
Governments
Governments shape the business environments 
in which we operate. Political factors, policies 
and regulation can affect how businesses are 
run and create new opportunities for companies. 
We track topics of concern to governments 
and regulatory bodies wherever we operate.
Shareholders & Investors
Shareholders play an important role in the 
financing and governance aspects of our 
business. Our Investor Relations Policy sets 
out the principles that the Company abides 
by to help shareholders and prospective 
investors make well-informed decisions 
and ensure a level playing field.  
Suppliers
Strong, effective relationships with our 
suppliers give our businesses strategic 
advantages, including better value. By effecting 
stringent procurement processes and a 
Supplier Code of Conduct, we aim to encourage 
our suppliers to adopt sustainable practices.
Local Communities
As active members of our communities, we 
aim to contribute towards their continued 
well-being. We engage community leaders 
to develop impactful programmes that drive 
community development. 
We integrate sustainability principles in our business strategies 
and operations, and regard sustainable development both as a 
corporate responsibility and a source of business opportunities. 
We are focused on strong corporate governance, prudent risk 
management and resource efficiency.
Sustaining Growth
People are the cornerstone of our businesses. 
We are committed to grow and nurture our talent pool through 
training and development to help our people reach their full potential. 
With safety as one of our core values, we are committed to 
providing a safe and healthy workplace for all our stakeholders.
Empowering Lives
As a global citizen, Keppel believes that as communities thrive,  
we thrive.
We engage and nurture communities wherever we operate, 
with the goal of shaping a sustainable future together.
Nurturing Communities
Keppel Corporation is a signatory of 
the United Nations (UN) Global Compact, 
and we are committed to the Compact’s 
10 universal principles. We are also 
committed to working towards 
the achievement of the Sustainable 
Development Goals, and have 
incorporated 10 of the goals as a 
supporting framework to guide our 
sustainability strategy.
GOVERNANCE
Strong Governance Framework
Keppel is focused on upholding 
high standards of corporate 
governance. We have a 
strong and independent board, 
and are committed to good 
business ethics. We maintain 
clear, consistent and 
regular communication 
with shareholders.
Keppel’s System of 
Management Controls 
Framework
The Framework outlines the 
Group’s internal control and 
risk management processes 
and procedures. The Framework 
comprises three Lines of 
Defence towards ensuring the 
adequacy and effectiveness of 
the Group’s system of internal 
controls and risk management.
Core Values and  
Operating Principles
Keppel’s core values of 
integrity, accountability, 
people-centredness, safety, 
among others, along with 
our operating principles, guide 
management and staff in the 
conduct of our businesses.
Risk-Centric Culture
Effective risk management 
hinges not only on systems 
and processes, but equally 
on mindsets and attitudes. 
The Group fosters a risk-centric 
culture that enables us to 
continue to respond effectively 
to the dynamic business 
environment, shifting business 
demands and to seize new 
value-added opportunities for 
our stakeholders.
 For more information,  
please refer to page 71.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   37
36   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 35--------------------------------------------------

Group Overview
Board Statement 
The key material environmental, social and 
governance factors for Keppel Corporation 
have been identified and are regularly 
reviewed by Keppel Corporation’s Board  
of Directors and management. The Board 
oversees the management and monitoring  
of these factors and takes them into 
consideration in the determination of the 
Company’s strategic direction and policies.  
Management Structure
The Group Sustainability Steering 
Committee, chaired by Keppel Corporation’s 
Chief Executive Officer Loh Chin Hua and 
comprising senior management from 
across the Group, provides guidance on 
the Group’s sustainability strategy while 
the Group Sustainability Working Committee, 
comprising discipline-specific working 
groups, executes, monitors and reports  
on the Group’s efforts.  
Our management systems, policies and 
guidelines, including our Employee Code  
of Conduct; Health, Safety and Environment 
Policy, and Supplier Code of Conduct, 
translate our principles into practice by 
setting standards both for our Company  
and those whom we work with.    
United Nations Global Compact
Keppel became a signatory of the United 
Nations (UN) Global Compact, the world’s 
largest corporate sustainability initiative, in 
2018. We are committed to upholding the 
Compact’s 10 principles on human rights, 
labour, environment and anti-corruption, 
which resonate strongly with our own 
core values.
Sustainable Development Goals
Keppel believes that businesses can 
play an important role in contributing 
to the achievement of the Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) of the 2030 
Agenda for Sustainable Development. 
We firmly believe that a company that 
is aligned with the global sustainable 
development agenda can not only 
enhance its social licence to operate, 
but also improve the sustainability, 
efficiency and competitiveness of its 
business. Having reviewed how our 
different businesses can contribute to 
each of the SDGs, we have incorporated 
the goals where appropriate, as a supporting 
framework to shape and guide our strategy. 
In our reports, we describe how Keppel is 
contributing to ten of the SDGs.  
Best Practices 
Keppel Corporation is listed on various 
sustainability indices and rankings, 
including the MSCI World ESG Leaders Index, 
Euronext Vigeo Eiris Index – World 120, 
as well as the iEdge SG ESG Leaders Index  
and iEdge SG ESG Transparency Index  
by the Singapore Exchange. We also 
participate in the CDP (formerly Carbon 
Disclosure Project). 
Keppel Corporation won the UN SDG 
Category at the Sustainable Business 
Awards 2018. The Awards, organised 
by Global Initiatives in partnership with 
PwC Singapore, recognise businesses 
with sustainable business practices.  
The Company was also conferred Champion 
of Good 2018 by National Volunteer and 
Philanthropy Centre. This national 
recognition framework acknowledges 
companies that have been exemplary 
in their corporate giving efforts.   
Community Impact
Keppel gives back to the community 
through financial contributions as well 
as volunteerism efforts. In 2018, Keppel 
invested $8.9 million in social causes, while 
Keppel Volunteers achieved over 14,000 
hours of community work, touching the lives 
of over 2,600 beneficiaries. Keppel Care 
Foundation, the Group’s philanthropic arm, 
has disbursed $36 million to worthy causes 
since its launch in 2012. 
Reporting 
We publish sustainability reports annually, 
and the next report will be published in  
May 2019. Our sustainability reports draw 
on internationally-recognised standards  
of reporting, including the Global Reporting 
Initiative Standards, and are externally 
assured in adherence to the AccountAbility 
AA1000 Assurance Standard. The report is 
also aligned with sustainability reporting 
requirements by the Singapore Exchange.
Social Investment Spending 
by Project Type in 2018 (%)
  
Education*
Industry Advancement
Arts/Sports/Community 
Development Projects
Care for the Underprivileged/ 
Healthcare
Environment
 
 
Total
$8.9 million
70.1
9.6
3.9
14.9
1.5
100.0
* Includes a $5 million donation (first payment 
tranche) to the ITE Education Fund. Keppel had 
committed a $10 million donation to the Fund to 
promote education for financially-disadvantaged 
students from ITE on the occasion of Keppel 
Corporation’s 50th anniversary in 2018.
Keppel’s 
Sustainability 
Thrusts
Related  
Material  
Issues
 
Related  
SDGs
 
 
Approach
Sustaining 
Growth
Environmental 
performance
Our advanced technology solutions address a wide spectrum of environmental 
issues in solid waste and wastewater management, as well as seawater and 
freshwater treatment to bolster water supply resilience.
Product excellence
We enhance access to energy with our diverse portfolio of solutions.  
Our delivery of the world’s first Floating Liquefied Natural Gas vessel 
conversion puts us ahead of the curve as a leading provider of  
floating liquefaction solutions. 
Economic 
sustainability/ 
Product excellence
Our businesses help promote sustainable urbanisation. We offer solutions 
for property, infrastructure, technology and services that optimise urban 
systems and contribute towards resilient, green and liveable cities. 
Environmental 
performance/ 
Supply chain 
and responsible 
procurement
We are focused on achieving sustainable management and efficient use of 
natural resources. We aim to reduce waste generation through resource 
efficiency, recycling, and reuse of natural resources. 
Environmental 
performance 
We are committed to minimising our environmental impact. To support the 
climate change agenda, we have set a target of achieving a 28.8% reduction 
in carbon emissions intensity by 2030 from 2010 levels, in addition to the 
target of achieving a 16% improvement in carbon emissions from 2020 
business-as-usual levels. 
Corporate governance
We will conduct ourselves according to the highest ethical standards 
and comply with all applicable laws and regulations wherever we operate. 
Our tone on regulatory compliance is clear and consistently reiterated from 
the top of the organisation. We have zero tolerance for fraud, bribery, 
corruption and violation of laws and regulations. 
Empowering 
Lives
Safety and health
Providing a safe and healthy working environment for all stakeholders is 
fundamental to our commitment to conduct business responsibly. We are 
strong advocates for safety and health in the broader community, and 
champion national and industry initiatives to raise standards and drive 
innovation in these aspects. 
The Keppel Group won 28 awards at the Workplace Safety and Health Awards in 
2018, the highest number of awards won by a single organisation in the year. 
Labour practices and 
human rights
Our businesses spark economic growth, productivity and jobs. Our hiring 
policies ensure equal employment opportunities for all, and we are 
committed to invest in nurturing our human capital.
Economic 
sustainability/ 
Community 
development
We are committed to operating sustainably, and apply our knowledge, 
skills and technology to drive innovation and support economic development 
and the well being of our communities.
Nurturing 
Communities
Community 
development
Through collaboration with our stakeholders, we mobilise and share 
knowledge, expertise and technology, as well as financial and human 
resources to support the achievement of the SDGs.
Sustainability Framework
Supporting the SDGs
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   39
38   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 36--------------------------------------------------

Eco-system for Value Creation
Group Overview
Keppel is a multi-business company providing robust solutions  
for sustainable urbanisation. We harness the collective strengths  
of the Group’s key business verticals – Offshore & Marine, Property, 
Infrastructure and Investments – to meet the world’s growing  
needs for energy, clean environments, high-quality homes and  
offices, and connectivity. 
OUR BUSINESS ENGINES
Offshore & Marine
We are a global leader in the design, construction, 
conversion and repair of rigs and vessels, and are 
extending our capabilities to create floating 
infrastructure solutions. 
 For more information, please refer to page 42. 
Property
We are a multi-faceted property company and a 
choice developer in Asia with a sterling portfolio 
of award-winning residential developments, 
integrated townships and investment-grade 
commercial properties.
 For more information, please refer to page 47.
Infrastructure
We develop, own and operate competitive 
energy and environmental infrastructure solutions 
and provide related services, as well as offer 
connectivity solutions for businesses and 
consumers in the areas of data centres, 
urban logistics and telecommunications.
 For more information, please refer to page 50.
Investments
We manage private funds, and listed real estate 
and infrastructure trusts, as well as incubate 
the Group’s future growth engines, including 
businesses in smart city development and more.
 For more information, please refer to page 55.
OUR BUSINESS MODEL
OUR STAKEHOLDERS
Employees
Customers
Governments 
Shareholders  
& Investors
Suppliers
Local  
Communities
Our businesses collaborate to offer a spectrum of innovative and 
sustainable solutions for urbanisation.
a. Own and Operate 
Keppel owns and operates 
many of the assets it 
creates which are retained 
as investments for 
long-term, steady cash 
flows and recurring income.  
Business units can earn 
fees from leasing out and 
operating such assets. 
They can also earn fees 
from rendering project 
and asset management 
services to the private 
funds created by Keppel.
b. Turnkey
The Group also sells 
products and provides 
turnkey solutions to its 
customers. Some of the 
assets created, such as rigs 
and homes, will be handed 
over to customers when 
they are completed. In this 
phase of asset creation, 
business units can earn 
development margins from 
the sale of their solutions.
  
Energy 
 
Urban Living 
 
Clean Environments
Connectivity
Asset Management
We support the safe and efficient 
harvesting of energy sources to 
power the world’s needs. 
We shape skylines and 
lives through vibrant urban 
developments and smart cities.  
We green cities with solutions 
for waste, water and urban 
climate control.
We connect people and 
businesses with information, 
goods and services in an 
increasingly digital economy.
We create enduring value with 
quality investment products  
and platforms. 
Stabilise and Monetise
The heavy assets held  
as investments by Keppel 
and its private funds are 
revalued annually, and 
contribute revaluation  
gains to the Group each 
year. As these assets 
mature and are de-risked 
and stabilised, the Group 
can monetise them through 
divestments to its REITs 
and Trust as well as third 
parties. This robust process 
for turning assets enables 
the Group to achieve the 
best risk-adjusted returns 
from its investments by 
unlocking value and 
recycling capital to seize 
new growth opportunities.  
REITs and Trust 
The Group sponsors and 
manages real estate and 
infrastructure trusts across 
its business lines, which 
it leverages as platforms 
to recycle capital from 
assets. Matured assets 
are well suited to the 
REITs and Trust, whose 
investors seek stable, 
recurring income. 
The injection of assets to 
the REITs and Trust helps 
to grow the total portfolio 
of assets managed by 
the Group. 
Our business model, underpinned by strong collaboration across 
verticals, provides a robust eco-system that allows us to create  
and capture value from all parts of the Group. From the time an asset 
is created till its injection into a Keppel-managed trust or fund, our 
business model produces multiple income streams and enables us 
to create and capture value across our businesses. 
To fuel Keppel’s growth, we are also expanding the Group’s capital 
base, bringing on board like-minded co-investors through our private 
funds to seize opportunities and accelerate asset creation without 
putting a strain on our balance sheet. 
We can also turn our assets efficiently through our business model, 
unlocking value and recycling capital to achieve the best risk-adjusted 
returns for our stakeholders.
Design and Build
The Group has a strong 
track record for designing 
and developing high-quality 
real assets including rigs 
and ships, residential and 
commercial properties, 
data centres, power plants 
and more.  
Private Funds
Through the creation of 
private funds, Keppel can 
also bring on board 
investors, such as pension 
and sovereign wealth funds, 
to co-invest in the 
development of assets 
across its business 
verticals. This expands 
Keppel’s capital base to 
seize opportunities while it 
earns recurring fees from 
managing the private funds.
  
Project-based income
Recurring income
Revaluation & divestment gains
Income Stream
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   41
40   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 37--------------------------------------------------

Offshore & Marine 
We aim to be the preferred 
solutions partner in the 
global offshore and 
marine industry.
Earnings Highlights ($m)
2018
2017*
2016*
Revenue
1,875 
1,802
2,854 
EBITDA
26 
(37)
300 
Operating (Loss)/Profit
(73)
(167)
135 
(Loss)/Profit before Tax
(113)
(862)^
76 
Net (Loss)/Profit
(109)
(826)^
29 
Average Headcount (Number)
11,875
15,571
22,191 
Manpower Cost
485
623
821 
* 2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 
(International). 2016 financial figures were prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 
and certain amounts have been reclassified for comparability purposes. 
^ Includes the one-off financial penalty and related costs of $619 million.
Major Developments in 2018
Secured about $1.7 billion worth of 
new contracts.
Sold five existing drilling rigs to Borr Drilling. 
Delivered eight major projects safely, 
on time and on budget. 
Signed Technical Assistance and License 
Agreement with Gaztransport & Technigaz 
to jointly market LNG solutions.
Signed a Memorandum of Understanding 
(MOU) with the Maritime Port Authority of 
Singapore and the Technology Centre for 
Offshore and Marine, Singapore to jointly 
develop autonomous vessels.
Singapore entities achieved certification 
for the  ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery 
Management System.
Focus for 2019/2020
Capture opportunities in new and 
existing markets. 
Continue to focus on execution excellence, 
corporate governance and risk management.
Invest in R&D to strengthen existing 
capabilities and build new muscles for 
long-term growth.
Leverage synergies across Keppel O&M 
and the wider Group to build up new strengths 
and expand solution offerings.
Continue to explore re-purposing offshore 
technology for other applications.
Operating & Financial Review
Performance Review
The O&M Division continued 
to secure new orders, 
expand capabilities and 
enhance efficiencies of 
its operations in 2018.
42   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 38--------------------------------------------------

Earnings Review
Notwithstanding the volatility in oil prices, 
there is growing optimism in the Offshore 
& Marine (O&M) sector, with more projects 
being sanctioned at oil prices of between 
US$55 and US$65 per barrel. During the year, 
Keppel O&M secured about $1.7 billion 
of new orders, compared to $1.2 billion 
secured in 2017. As at end-2018, Keppel 
O&M’s net orderbook had grown to 
$4.3 billion from $3.9 billion the year before, 
with non-drilling solutions making up over 
70% of the orderbook. 
Revenue for the O&M Division was $1.9 billion, 
$73 million or 4% higher than that of FY 2017, 
mainly due to revenue recognition from the 
jackup rigs sold to Borr Drilling and higher 
revenue recognition from ongoing projects. 
In 2018, the O&M Division registered a 
lower net loss of $109 million, compared 
to FY 2017’s net loss of $207 million, 
excluding the one-off financial penalty and 
related costs. The improved performance 
was mainly due to higher operating results 
arising from higher revenue, a write-back 
of provisions for claims and lower net 
interest expense, partly offset by higher 
impairment provisions. Excluding 
revaluations, major impairments and 
divestments (RIDs), the Division turned 
in a net profit of $6 million for FY 2018, 
underpinned by its extensive rightsizing 
efforts and new contract wins. 
In 2018, the Division made an additional 
provision of $167 million for expected 
losses on the semisubmersibles being 
built for Sete Brasil, and other provisions 
and asset impairments of $44 million. 
Meanwhile, the Division wrote back 
$96 million of provisions for claims. 
Operating Review
The O&M Division continued to secure 
new orders, expand capabilities and 
enhance efficiencies of its operations 
in 2018. 
Despite continued headwinds in the 
offshore rig sector, there are signs of 
improvements including a gradually 
declining rig supply overhang and 
increased tendering activity. One of 
the key contracts secured during the 
year is for a newbuild mid-water harsh 
environment semisubmersible for Awilco, 
marking Keppel O&M’s first drilling rig 
order since the start of the downturn 
in 2014. The order win demonstrates 
that despite the ongoing challenges in 
the O&M sector, there continues to be 
strong demand for Keppel’s quality  
high-specification rigs.
As the 2020 deadline for the International 
Maritime Organization’s (IMO) 0.5% global 
sulphur cap approaches, Keppel O&M is 
seeing more demand for scrubber retrofits. 
The company secured 65 contracts for 
such projects in 2018 from a variety of 
customers. Additionally, Keppel O&M has 
seen continued demand for liquefied 
natural gas (LNG) related solutions such 
as LNG carriers and dual-fuel tugs. In 2018, 
Keppel O&M secured over $600 million 
worth of LNG and scrubber projects. 
The rightsizing efforts that Keppel O&M 
had undergone to streamline operations 
and reduce overheads bore fruit in 2018, 
when the Division turned a profit excluding 
RIDs. During the year, Keppel O&M’s 
direct global headcount was reduced by 
17% from 2017, while its subcontract 
headcount in Singapore fell by 5% in the 
same period. 
As part of ongoing efforts to strengthen its 
compliance controls, Keppel O&M executed 
a review and audit of its anti-corruption 
compliance. In November 2018, the 
Division’s entities in Singapore achieved 
certification for the ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery 
Management System. Keppel is committed 
to putting in place effective and robust 
compliance and governance regimes and 
discharging the undertakings given as part 
of the 2017 global resolution. 
New Builds
In 2018, contracts for five jackup rigs 
being constructed by Keppel FELS were 
successfully novated to Borr Drilling 
for a total value of approximately 
US$745 million. The deal included 
an upfront payment of US$288 million 
from Borr Drilling, and the rigs are 
Keppel O&M delivered 
its first two of ten jackup 
rigs, SKALD (in picture) and 
SAGA, to Borr Drilling.  
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   43
--------------------------------------------------Page 39--------------------------------------------------

expected to be delivered progressively 
from 2019 to 2020. Meanwhile, Keppel FELS 
delivered to Borr Drilling the first two of five 
jackup rigs, whose contracts were novated 
from Transocean in 2017. 
Keppel FELS reached a significant milestone in 
2018, securing a contract worth US$425 million 
from Awilco to construct a mid-water 
semisubmersible drilling rig for harsh 
environment use. It was the first newbuild 
drilling rig to be awarded in the offshore rig 
market in three years.
Keppel FELS will continue to seek opportunities 
in niche segments such as harsh environment 
semisubmersibles, as well as the Middle East 
and Mexican jackup markets. Building on its 
engineering expertise in offshore platforms, 
Keppel FELS will also actively explore 
opportunities in the renewables and production 
sectors, as well as opportunities to collaborate 
with other Keppel business units on floating 
infrastructure projects. 
In the specialised shipbuilding space, 
Keppel Singmarine clinched contracts from 
new customer Van Oord to build two Trailing 
Suction Hopper Dredgers, and delivered two 
dual-fuel tugs to Keppel Smit Towage and 
Maju Maritime in 2018. 
Furthering its position as a preferred partner 
for the gas industry, Keppel Singmarine 
was entrusted to build a bunkering tanker 
by Mitsui & Co (Asia Pacific), a bunkering 
vessel by FueLNG and an ice-class LNG 
bunker vessel by Shturman Koshelev.
In China, Keppel Nantong is on track 
to deliver three dredgers to Jan De Nul 
in 2019. Keppel Nantong has also 
commenced works on the dual-fuel LNG 
bunker vessel for FueLNG and a dual-fuel 
bunker tanker for Mitsui. The yard continues 
to play a vital role in supporting Keppel 
O&M’s newbuild business in Asia.
In the Americas, Keppel AmFELS is undertaking 
two dual-fuel containerships for Pasha Hawaii, 
built to Keppel’s proprietary design, which 
includes energy saving features such as a 
state-of-the-art engine, an optimised hull 
form, and an underwater propulsion system 
with a high-efficiency rudder and propeller. 
Scheduled to be delivered in 2020, the 
Jones Act vessels will run on LNG from 
day one in service. Keppel AmFELS will 
continue to build on its track record for the 
construction of Jones Act vessels in the US, 
newbuild offshore rigs and platforms, as well 
as aftermarket services including repairs, 
upgrades and modifications of rigs for 
customers in the Gulf of Mexico.
Conversions & Repairs
During the year, Keppel Shipyard completed 
two Floating Production Storage & Offloading 
(FPSO) conversion projects, namely FPSO La 
Noumbi for Dixstone, an affiliate of the Perenco 
Group, and FPSO BW Adolo for BW Offshore. 
As at end-2018, there were three FPSO 
conversion and modification projects ongoing, 
namely FPSO Liza Destiny for SBM Offshore, 
Ngujima-Yin for Woodside and Ingenium II 
for KrisEnergy. Keppel Shipyard is also 
executing fabrication of the internal turret 
of Coral Sul FLNG for SOFEC. In 2018, 
Keppel Shipyard also received a Limited 
Notice to Proceed (LNTP) to commence 
early conversion works for the Gimi FLNG 
over a period of up to four months, worth up 
to $50 million. Full construction works will 
commence when Keppel Shipyard receives 
the final notice to proceed.  
In 2018, Keppel Shipyard repaired 328 vessels, 
compared to 383 vessels the year before, 
and completed a scrubber retrofit project on 
a very large crude carrier. Notably, repair jobs 
for LNG carriers grew to 30 in 2018 compared 
23 in the preceding year. It also secured a 
total of 65 scrubber retrofit projects and 
completed nine Ballast Water Treatment 
System (BWTS) installations during the year.
In the Philippines, Keppel Batangas repaired 
76 vessels in 2018, 66 of which were for 
domestic customers. Keppel Subic repaired 
57 vessels, 33 of which were for foreign 
customers from across Europe, Asia 
and Central America. Keppel Subic also 
established its first track record in the 
ballast water management system market 
with the installation of a BWTS on NORD 
Savannah, a Panamanian bulk carrier owned 
by Nissen Kaiun. Keppel Subic will capitalise 
its track record to secure more similar 
projects before the full implementation 
of the Ballast Water Management 
Convention’s requirements by 2024. 
In Brazil, the FPSO P-69 was successfully 
completed by BrasFELS and achieved 
its first oil milestone in October 2018. 
1
1
Senior management from 
Keppel O&M and Perenco 
Group, together with 
government officials from 
Republic of the Congo, 
celebrated the naming 
of FPSO La Noumbi, 
Keppel’s sixth project for 
Perenco and the fifth for 
the Republic of the Congo.
2
Keppel O&M is building 
Southeast Asia’s first 
LNG bunkering vessel 
which will provide 
LNG to other vessels 
passing through the 
Port of Singapore.
Performance Review
Operating & Financial Review
Offshore & Marine
44   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 40--------------------------------------------------

Organization’s implementation of the 0.5% 
sulphur cap on marine fuels approaches, 
demand for greener solutions such as 
LNG vessels remains robust. Meanwhile, 
continued rig attrition and secondary rig 
transactions will help to rebalance the 
demand and supply of the jackup rig market.  
The cut in exploration & production (E&P) 
expenditures by oil companies and fleet 
operators has driven the industry towards 
greater efficiency and productivity. From 
increased automation to the digitalisation 
of vessels, technology will be a key driver 
for the industry moving forward.
To remain competitive in a changing market 
environment, Keppel O&M has re-positioned 
itself and improved on existing core products 
and services. At the same time, leveraging 
technology, the Division is developing 
innovative solutions to stay ahead of the curve. 
Enhancing operational productivity and 
efficiency, Keppel O&M is also developing 
yards of the future. The use of emerging 
technologies including robotics, enhanced 
IoT solutions, smart sensors, predictive 
analytics, and artificial intelligence are 
being evaluated and incorporated into 
the manufacturing process. 
Today, Keppel O&M is leaner, fitter and 
more agile, and ready to seize opportunities. 
We remain confident of the long-term 
potential of the O&M industry as the 
demand for energy remains strong, fuelled 
by urbanisation and global economic growth.
Offshore Rigs
According to information provider IHS Markit, 
the average global demand for mobile 
drilling offshore units (MODU) is expected 
The vessel is currently undergoing further 
offshore commissioning. In 2018, BrasFELS 
completed repair jobs on six vessels from 
both new and repeat customers including 
MODEC, Helix, McDermott and QGOG. 
BrasFELS also signed an MOU with Ocyan 
and Magma Global to provide the latter’s 
composite multi-bore riser solutions, which 
will bolster BrasFELS’s position as a 
one-stop solutions provider for deepwater 
production platforms.
Market Review & Outlook
Notwithstanding the oil price volatility, 
there is returning confidence in the 
O&M sector although we do not foresee 
a V-shaped recovery. 
In 2018, utilisation rates continued to 
improve as more rigs were put to work, 
underpinned by national oil companies’ 
decisions to ramp-up activity in regions 
such as China, India, Mexico, Middle East 
and West Africa. In Brazil, the international oil 
companies have secured significant acreages, 
and there is growing optimism that potential 
foreign investments will flow into the Brazilian 
oil & gas industry. According to Brazil’s Agency 
of Petroleum, Natural Gas and Biofuels (ANP), 
improvements to the Local Content (2018) 
rules will unlock investments in 36 FPSOs 
up to 2027. 
It is expected that drilling activity will 
continue to pick up in 2019, driven mainly 
by increased drilling activity in the North Sea 
and West Africa regions. There are also 
more opportunities in FPSOs and Floating 
Storage Re-gasification Units (FSRU), 
especially conversions, with several 
projects approaching Final Investment 
Decision (FID) in 2019 and 2020. As the 
2020 deadline for the International Maritime 
2
We remain confident of the 
long-term potential of the 
O&M industry as the demand 
for energy remains strong, 
fuelled by urbanisation 
and global economic growth.  
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   45
--------------------------------------------------Page 41--------------------------------------------------

to increase by 13% between to 2018 
to 2020, with niche markets such as the 
Norwegian North Sea and Gulf of Mexico 
experiencing higher demand. While the 
global demand for shallow-water jackup 
rigs will improve through to 2020, 
IHS Markit expects the increase in MODU 
demand to be driven by semisubmersibles 
and drillships as operators ramp-up activity 
in deepwater areas. 
Keppel O&M is exploring how technology 
can define the future of jackup rigs by 
introducing new systems and expanding 
rig capabilities. These rigs of tomorrow will 
transform the current rigs, making them 
more efficient, ergonomic and versatile 
without compromising on safety.
In collaboration with the Group, 
Keppel O&M is also exploring opportunities 
to re-purpose its offshore technology for 
other applications such as floating data 
centre parks.
With an extensive suite of proprietary 
solutions for the offshore drilling market 
and network of yards around the world, 
Keppel O&M is well positioned to ride the 
upturn when it returns.
Floating Production Systems
The number of operating vessels in the 
FPSO market grew to 183 at end-2018 
from 178 at end-2017. According to 
Rystad Energy, more than 30 FPSO 
projects could be sanctioned between 
2019 and 2021, while the Energy Maritime 
Associates forecasts between 83 and 173 
orders for floating production systems 
over the next five years.
With a complete suite of O&M solutions, 
Keppel O&M will remain focused on 
pursuing opportunities for a variety of 
production solutions including FPSO 
conversions, mobile offshore production 
units, production semisubmersibles 
and tension leg platforms. We aim to 
leverage synergies across the Group 
to provide value-added solutions for 
our customers. 
Gas Solutions
Global demand for gas continues to be 
led by Asia, which accounts for 50% of the 
expected growth in demand for natural gas 
from 2017 to 2022. Westwood estimates 
global capex on floating liquefaction and 
import vessels to reach US$37.6 billion 
over the 2018 to 2023 period, representing 
a 66% increase compared to the total 
capex of US$22.6 billion over the 2012 
to 2017 period. Of these, Africa and 
North America are expected to account 
for the largest proportion of floating 
liquefaction capex. 
Market research also estimates that 
the number of LNG-fuelled vessels will 
more than double to 200 by 2020 from 
77 vessels in 2016, driven partly by the 
IMO 2020 regulations. Wood Mackenzie 
also reports that 2019 is expected to be 
a record year for LNG project sanctions, 
with the capacity of projects likely to 
reach FID tripling to over 60 million metric 
tonnes per annum (mmtpa) in 2019 from 
21 mmtpa sanctioned in 2018. 
With the successfully converted Hilli 
Episeyo operating offshore Cameroon, 
floating LNG solutions are gaining traction 
globally, especially in Africa. Riding on 
Hilli Episeyo’s success, Keppel Shipyard 
received a LNTP for Gimi FLNG in 2018. 
The Greater Tortue Ahmeyim development 
offshore Mauritania and Senegal, for 
which Gimi FLNG is slated to operate, 
achieved FID at end-2018 while project 
execution activities for the field are 
expected to commence in 2019.  
With its ability to provide end-to-end 
solutions across the gas value chain, 
Keppel O&M is well positioned to capture 
opportunities in the gas industry. 
Specialised Shipbuilding
Prospects in the specialised shipbuilding 
market remain robust, particularly for 
non-oil related solutions such as dredgers 
and containerships amongst others. 
Leveraging its technology and construction 
expertise, Keppel O&M is able to provide an 
extensive range of non-oil related solutions 
and is also capturing opportunities in the 
Jones Act market through Keppel AmFELS 
in Brownsville, Texas. 
Keppel O&M’s capabilities in non-drilling 
and gas solutions will provide the 
company with new growth areas and 
revenue streams, despite continuing 
challenges in the offshore drilling sector.
Shiprepair 
With the enforcement of IMO’s 0.5% 
global sulphur cap, ship owners are actively 
pursuing alternative solutions, such as the 
installation of scrubbers, to reduce sulphur 
emissions. In 2018, Keppel O&M secured 
a total of 65 scrubber retrofit projects and 
anticipates more awards in the run-up to 
the IMO 2020 deadline. 
As global demand for LNG continues 
to increase, charterers are likely to seek 
more spot vessels, resulting in ship owners 
reactivating idle vessels. This would 
generate more shiprepair work for yards. 
Over the longer term, the shipping industry 
will also continue its drive towards 
greater efficiency by reducing costs, 
improving utilisation and deploying 
new technologies, while meeting 
environmental standards. 
Against this backdrop, Keppel O&M 
is well placed to provide retrofitting 
solutions to meet the changing needs 
of the shiprepair industry.
Performance Review
Operating & Financial Review
Offshore & Marine
Keppel O&M’s capabilities 
in non-drilling and gas 
solutions will provide 
new growth areas and 
revenue streams.
46   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 42--------------------------------------------------

Property 
We are committed to 
providing quality and 
innovative real estate 
solutions in Asia.
Earnings Highlights ($m)
2018
2017*
2016*
Revenue
1,340 
1,782 
2,035 
EBITDA
1,065 
705 
639 
Operating Profit
1,032 
668 
611 
Profit before Tax
1,188 
844 
833 
Net Profit
938 
650 
620 
Average Headcount (Number)
3,059 
3,257 
3,733 
Manpower Cost
204 
194 
199 
Focus for 2019/2020
Invest strategically in Asia with Singapore, 
China and Vietnam as its key markets, while 
continuing to scale up in other markets such 
as Indonesia and India.
Actively scale up commercial presence to 
provide steady stream of recurring income. 
Recycle capital strategically, reinvesting 
for growth and higher returns. 
Strengthen collaboration with strategic 
partners to capture growth opportunities 
in the region.  
Invest in and develop property technology 
and new solution offerings.
Major Developments in 2018
Sold about 4,440 homes in Asia, 
mainly in China, Vietnam and India.  
Completed divestments and sale of 
residential projects en-bloc worth $1.7 billion 
across Singapore, China, Vietnam 
and Thailand. 
Completed about $0.8 billion worth 
of acquisitions in Singapore, China, 
Vietnam and Indonesia.
Replenished residential landbank with the 
addition of about 3,600 units in China and 
500 units in Indonesia.  
To generate the best 
risk-adjusted returns, 
Keppel Land will continue 
to explore opportunities to 
unlock capital, and reinvest 
in new residential sites and 
commercial projects. 
* 2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 
(International). 2016 financial figures were prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 
and certain amounts have been reclassified for comparability purposes.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   47
--------------------------------------------------Page 43--------------------------------------------------

Earnings Review
The Property Division generated a revenue 
of $1.3 billion for FY 2018, down $442 million 
or 25% from FY 2017, mainly due to lower 
revenue from a few trading projects in 
Singapore and China, as a result of cooling 
measures implemented. 
The Division’s FY 2018 net profit was 
$938 million, an increase of $288 million 
or 44% from FY 2017, mainly due to higher 
sale of residential projects en-bloc and 
gain from divestment of the stake in Aether. 
This was partly offset by lower fair value 
gains on investment properties, lower 
contribution from Singapore and China 
property trading, and lower share of 
profits from associated companies 
and joint ventures (JV). 
In FY 2018, the Property Division contributed 
99% of the Group’s net profit. 
Operating Review
Singapore
Keppel Land sold about 160 residential units 
in Singapore, lower than the sales achieved 
in 2017, following the cooling measures 
implemented by the Singapore government 
in July 2018. About 80% of the units sold 
in 2018 came from Highline Residences, 
which was fully sold in March 2018, and 
The Garden Residences, which was launched 
in June 2018. As at end-2018, the take-up 
rate of The Garden Residences was about 
48% of the 156 launched units. 32 units 
at Reflections at Keppel Bay and Corals 
at Keppel Bay were also sold in 2018. 
The two projects were 89% and 77% sold 
as at end-2018.  
Keppel Land announced plans to redevelop 
Nassim Woods into a luxurious condominium 
of about 100 homes and will continue to 
monitor the market for an appropriate time 
to launch the project.   
Keppel Land is also reviewing the plans for 
Keppel Bay – plots 4 and 6, Keppel Towers 
and I12 Katong.   
China
In 2018, Keppel Land sold about 2,240 units 
in China, lower than the 3,725 units sold 
in 2017, mainly due to the government’s 
property cooling measures. Sales were 
mainly from Seasons Gardens, Seasons 
Residences and Seasons Heights in Tianjin 
Eco-City, V City in Chengdu, as well as Park 
Avenue Heights and Waterfront Residences 
in Wuxi, supported by healthy supply-demand 
balance in these geographies. 
During the year, Keppel Land continued to 
expand its presence in China, focusing on  
the Jing-Jin-Ji region, Yangtze River Delta, 
Greater Bay Area and the Chengdu metropolis. 
It made its maiden entry into Nanjing’s 
residential market in 2018 through a 40% 
stake in a JV with Gemdale, and added to its 
landbanks in Tianjin Eco-City and Chengdu. 
These are markets where the supply of 
homes with pre-sale permits is expected 
to be absorbed in less than six months.
During the year, Keppel Land also announced 
the acquisition of a completed commercial 
property in Haidian District, Beijing. The 
acquisition is in line with Keppel Land’s 
strategy to grow its commercial portfolio 
in China, with a focus on Tier 1 cities, 
and will provide a steady stream of cash 
flow for the Group.
Vietnam
In Vietnam, Keppel Land sold about 910 units 
in 2018, lower than the 1,110 units sold in 
2017, due to fewer sales launches. The 
Infiniti sold 78% of the 442 units launched, 
Palm Garden sold 80% of the 420 units 
launched, while Cove Residences also 
registered a strong take-up rate of 95%.  
In December 2018, the entire Phase 2 of 
Estella Heights in District 2, Ho Chi Minh City 
(HCMC) was completed and handed over. 
Its retail mall, Estella Place, also commenced 
operations in December 2018 with a 
committed occupancy of over 90%.
In 2018, Keppel Land acquired the remaining 
10% stake in Saigon Sports City to gain 
full ownership of the modern township 
development which will house some 4,300 
smart homes. Keppel Land is collaborating 
with Keppel Urban Solutions to develop 
Saigon Sports City into a vibrant destination 
of choice. 
During the year, Keppel Land converted its 
stake of the bonds issued by Nam Long 
Group (NLG), bringing its stake in NLG to 
about 10% from about 5%. This makes 
Keppel Land the second largest shareholder 
of the affordable housing developer.
Others 
In Indonesia, Keppel Land sold about 
350 homes, about 32% higher than the sales 
achieved in 2017. Following the successful 
launch of Phase 1 of The Riviera at Puri at 
end-2017, Phases 2 and 3 launched in 2018 
were also well-received. As at end-2018, 
The Riviera project was close to 90% sold. 
Capitalising on the demand for landed 
homes in Indonesia, Keppel Land formed a 
strategic alliance with PT Metropolitan Land 
Tbk (Metland), its partner for The Riviera 
at Puri, to cooperate on residential projects 
owned and occupied by Metland in Greater 
Jakarta, with an investment value of up to 
Rp. 5 trillion (about $470 million). Following 
the launch of this alliance, Keppel Land 
and Metland entered into an agreement to 
develop a 12-hectare residential site in the 
Performance Review
Operating & Financial Review
Property
Total Asset Distribution by Country (%)
as at 31 December 2018
  
40.3
40.0
9.1
5.9
4.7
China
Singapore
Vietnam
Indonesia
Others
Total
100.0
Total Asset Distribution by Segment (%)
as at 31 December 2018
  
53.6
39.0
2.3
5.1
Property Investments
Property Trading
Hotels & Resorts
Others
Total
100.0
48   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 44--------------------------------------------------

established Metland Menteng township in 
East Jakarta. 
In India, Keppel Land launched the 2,082-unit 
Provident Park Square in Bengaluru, through 
a JV with Indian developer Puravankara. 
The project was well-received with 70% of 
the 1,102 launched units sold. Keppel Land 
also partnered Puravankara to acquire a 
prime site in Bengaluru, to develop its first 
commercial development in India with a gross 
floor area (GFA) of 95,000 square metres (sm). 
The project is expected to be completed 
in 2023. 
In the Philippines, The Podium West Tower, 
a landmark Grade A office tower in Manila, 
was topped off in September 2018. The 
office tower is expected to be completed in 
2Q 2019 and has been conferred the LEED 
Gold (Core & Shell) Pre-certification by the 
United States (US) Green Building Council.   
Capital Recycling for the  
Best Risk-adjusted Returns  
Keppel Land continues to review its 
portfolio to unlock capital and generate 
the best risk-adjusted returns.   
During the year, Keppel Land completed 
five divestments and the sale of five 
residential projects en-bloc totalling about 
$1.7 billion. These included the sale of its 
stakes in residential projects in Zhongshan 
and Shenyang in China, HCMC, Vietnam 
and Bangkok, Thailand; a commercial 
development in Beijing, China, and some 
of its units in Keppel DC REIT.  
Keppel Land also deepened its presence 
in key markets. During the year, seven 
acquisitions totalling about $0.8 billion were 
completed. These included residential sites 
in China and Indonesia; as well as increased 
stakes in a residential project in HCMC, 
Vietnam, and a retail mall in Singapore. 
To generate the best risk-adjusted returns, 
Keppel Land will continue to explore 
opportunities to unlock capital, and reinvest in 
new residential sites and commercial projects. 
Market Review & Outlook
Singapore
Singapore’s economy grew by 3.2% in 2018, 
which continued to support demand in 
the residential and commercial markets. 
In July 2018, the Singapore government 
imposed cooling measures, which included 
increasing the Additional Buyer’s Stamp 
Duty and lowering loan-to-value limits, and 
subsequently tightened the guidelines on 
maximum allowable dwelling units in 
October 2018.
Residential en-bloc sales have slowed 
significantly since the measures. The number 
of new private home sales was 8,795 units 
in 2018, 17% lower than 2017. Prices rose 
7.9% for 2018 compared to a 1.1% increase 
in 2017, and home prices as at end-2018 
were 3.2% below the last peak in 3Q 2013.  
In the commercial sector, CBRE reported that 
Grade A core Central Business District (CBD) 
office rent rose 14.9% in 2018, reflecting 
a 20.7% growth from the last trough in 
2Q 2017, on the back of robust demand 
and decreasing supply of prime space.
Keppel Land continues to be on the 
lookout for good business opportunities 
in Singapore. 
Overseas
Rapid urbanisation and a fast-growing 
middle class will continue to drive demand 
for high-quality homes in Asia. Riding on 
these trends, Keppel Land will continue to 
tap demand with over 18,000 overseas 
launch-ready homes from 2019 to 2021. 
China’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth 
slowed in 2018 to 6.6% and is expected to 
slow further in 2019, given lagged effects 
of credit tightening, and from the global 
slowdown and headwinds from US-China 
trade tensions.
While property cooling measures have had 
an impact on the Chinese market, urbanisation 
trends and growing income levels continue 
to drive demand for quality housing and 
commercial developments in key regions 
and cities. Keppel Land will focus on the 
Jing-Jin-Ji region, Yangtze River Delta, 
Greater Bay Area and the Chengdu metropolis, 
where it sees considerable growth potential. 
In Vietnam, GDP growth was 7.1% in 2018, 
faster than 6.8% in 2017. The property 
market in HCMC remains promising. 
According to CBRE, about 31,100 new 
homes were sold compared with 30,800 
units launched in HCMC in 2018, while 
average selling prices increased by about 
10% in 2018. With a sizeable landbank 
of about 17,000 units, Keppel Land is 
poised to meet the robust demand 
for homes in Vietnam. Grade A office 
supply remains limited, driving rents up 
by 15.8%, and the retail market also 
saw healthy demand and tight supply 
in HCMC’s CBD.
In Indonesia, the economy is expected to 
grow at above 5% per annum from now 
through to 2020 supported by domestic 
spending. While the supply of condominiums 
remains high, the landed residential market 
in Jakarta and Greater Jakarta is expected 
to remain resilient, backed by fundamental 
housing demand. 
With a pipeline of close to 50,000 residential 
units and a total commercial footprint of 
1.5 million sm of GFA in key Asian cities, 
Keppel Land is well positioned to capitalise 
on the demand for homes, office and retail 
spaces in its target markets.
With a commercial 
footprint of 1.5 million sm  
of GFA, Keppel Land is 
well positioned to capitalise 
on the demand for 
office and retail spaces 
in its target markets. 
(In picture: Estella Place 
in HCMC, Vietnam)
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   49
--------------------------------------------------Page 45--------------------------------------------------

Infrastructure 
We will focus on growing 
the Infrastructure Division’s 
contributions to the Group. 
Earnings Highlights ($m)
2018
2017*
2016*
Revenue
2,629
2,207
1,744
EBITDA
150
169
136
Operating Profit
105
125
94
Profit before Tax
184
170
123
Net Profit
169
134
99
Average Headcount (Number)
2,698
2,618
2,669
Manpower Cost
183
180
173
* 2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 
(International). 2016 financial figures were prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 
and certain amounts have been reclassified for comparability purposes.
Major Developments in 2018
Secured $180 million worth of contracts in 
energy and environmental infrastructure 
across Singapore, Australia, China and Europe.
Signed two agreements to develop and 
operate data centres in Jakarta, Indonesia 
and Johor, Malaysia. 
Signed partnership agreements to explore 
data centre opportunities in China.
Raised stake in UrbanFox to 85% to 
pursue growth in e-commerce channel 
management and last-mile fulfilment. 
Focus for 2019/2020
Continue to seek out value-enhancing 
projects locally and overseas, leveraging 
the Division’s project development, 
engineering, operations and 
maintenance expertise. 
Harness the strength of an integrated gas, 
power and district cooling platform to 
pursue opportunities for growth. 
Continue to build up a portfolio of quality 
data centre assets and provide higher value 
services to customers. 
Extend and develop new business-to-consumer 
retail and marketing capabilities in power, 
e-commerce and urban logistics, adding 
value to product offerings and improving 
customer experience. 
We are a developer, owner 
and operator of quality 
infrastructure assets 
with a focus on growing 
stable income from the 
management, operations 
and maintenance of our 
projects and the provision 
of connectivity solutions.
Performance Review
Operating & Financial Review
50   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 46--------------------------------------------------

Earnings Review
We are a developer, owner and operator of 
quality infrastructure assets with a focus on 
growing stable income from the management, 
operations and maintenance of our projects 
and the provision of connectivity solutions. 
The Infrastructure Division comprises the 
Group’s businesses in energy, environment 
and infrastructure services, as well as 
logistics and data centres. 
The Infrastructure Division’s revenue for 
FY 2018 was $2.6 billion or 19% higher 
than FY 2017, mainly due to strong 
performance from Energy Infrastructure. 
The Division’s FY 2018 net profit of 
$169 million was $35 million or 26% 
higher than FY 2017, due to higher 
profit from Environmental Infrastructure, 
Infrastructure Services and Data Centres. 
During the year, Infrastructure Services 
continued to contribute steadily to the 
Group’s recurring income base.
 
In FY 2018, the Infrastructure Division 
contributed 18% of the Group’s net profit.
Energy Infrastructure
Operating Review
Despite the challenging market conditions, 
Keppel’s Energy Infrastructure business 
continued to perform well in 2018.
Since the launch of the Open Electricity 
Market (OEM) in Singapore in 2018, 
competition in the electricity market has 
intensified. Alongside marketing activities, 
Keppel Electric partnered other companies 
including M1, CityGas, and the nation’s 
local banks to expand its customer reach. 
Preliminary results have shown that 
Keppel Electric is among the retailers 
with the largest market shares in the OEM. 
Keppel Electric has also grown its commercial 
and industrial customer base and advanced 
its position to become Singapore’s largest 
private electricity retailer with a market share 
of 14.5% in December 2018, compared to 
14% in December 2017. 
Keppel Gas continued to ramp up its gas 
supply to serve an expanding customer 
base. Under long-term contracts, the 
revenue growth from an increased offtake 
of gas by its customers will contribute 
to the Group’s recurring income stream. 
In 2018, Keppel Infrastructure’s  
wholly-owned subsidiary, Pipenet, was 
awarded a contract by JTC Corporation 
(JTC) to design, build and operate pipe 
racks in Jurong Island, Singapore, worth 
about $40 million. The racks, slated for 
completion by 2020, will add to the Group’s 
recurring income base upon commencement 
of the 15-year operations and maintenance 
phase of the contract. JTC has the option to 
extend the operations and maintenance 
contract for another 15 years. 
During the year, Keppel DHCS clinched 
a contract for the initial design phase of a 
new district cooling services (DCS) plant in 
the upcoming Jurong Innovation District 
in Singapore. Contingent upon approval 
by JTC, there may be a subsequent phase 
of the contract to build, own and operate a 
DCS plant, with a capacity of up to 14,000 
refrigeration tonnes (RT), on a 30-year 
contract term. With the aggregate installed 
capacity across major business and 
industrial parks projected to increase 
to 74,000 RT, Keppel DHCS remains the 
largest DCS provider in Singapore. 
Under a research grant awarded by the 
Energy Market Authority in Singapore, 
Keppel DHCS and the National University 
of Singapore are jointly developing 
novel heat transfer materials for DCS. 
If successful, the new technology would 
not only improve energy efficiency by as 
much as five times but could also result 
in space savings of the same magnitude. 
The project is expected to be completed 
by 2021.
Market Review & Outlook
Singapore’s average electricity demand 
remained subdued in 2018, increasing 1% 
from 2017. Meanwhile, the electricity retail 
market experienced significant expansion with 
the nationwide launch of the OEM, to be 
progressively rolled out, from 1 November 2018. 
Since then, an estimated 450,000 households 
have been given contestable status as at 
end-2018, and about one-third of contestable 
consumers have switched to their retailer 
of choice. With 13 electricity retailers 
participating in the OEM, the market 
remains highly competitive. 
 
Upon completion in 2020, 
the Keppel Marina East 
Desalination Plant will 
contribute to the Group’s 
recurring income stream.
It is estimated that as at end-2018, about 
1.3 million households had yet to switch to a 
private electricity retailer. Keppel Electric will 
increase its efforts to target this untapped 
market and expand its market leadership 
in the electricity retail market as the OEM 
is progressively rolled out in 1H 2019. 
Since 2015, natural gas has consistently 
accounted for 95% of the fuel mix used 
in power generation in Singapore. The 
ongoing efforts by the government to 
develop Singapore as a gas trading hub are 
expected to yield additional supplies of gas. 
Keppel Gas is exploring new opportunities to 
deliver competitive, value-added solutions to 
existing and potential customers.
Meanwhile, Singapore’s DCS sector continues 
to experience a steady increase in demand, 
with a compounded annual growth rate 
(CAGR) of 7% since 2010. This is driven by 
the Singapore government’s intensification 
of land use and promotion of sustainable 
cooling. Further afield, Keppel DHCS is 
actively looking for growth opportunities 
in Asia to expand its geographical reach.
Environmental Infrastructure
Operating Review
In 2018, Keppel Seghers secured two 
performance bonuses and signed a five-year 
Technical Support Agreement with Viridor 
EfW (Runcorn) in the United Kingdom. The 
bonuses, which totalled about $7 million, 
were awarded in recognition of the plant’s 
higher electrical efficiency and lower 
chemical consumption since commencing 
operations in 2015. 
During the year, Keppel Seghers expanded 
its track record as a choice provider of 
waste-to-energy (WTE) technology and 
services, and its geographical reach. 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   51
--------------------------------------------------Page 47--------------------------------------------------

In China, Keppel Seghers secured a contract 
to provide WTE technology and services for 
a project in Xian, Shaanxi Province. With this, 
Keppel is currently executing nine technology 
package projects with a total incineration 
capacity of over 15,000 tonnes per day in 
China. Meanwhile, the Sino-Singapore Tianjin 
Eco-City Water Reclamation Centre 
commenced commercial operations in 
January 2018.
In October 2018, Keppel Seghers secured a 
contract to supply technology and services 
worth over €70 million for Australia’s first 
WTE plant in Kwinana. When completed 
in 2021, the facility, which utilises Keppel 
Seghers’ proprietary technology, can reduce 
the volume of waste for landfills by over 
90% and export about 36 megawatts of 
green electricity to the grid.
In Singapore, the Keppel Marina East 
Desalination Plant (KMEDP) is on track 
for completion in 2020. Meanwhile, 
engineering design work is progressing 
well for Phase 1 of the Hong Kong Integrated 
Waste Management Facility (IWMF), with 
key procurement and prefabrication works 
expected to commence in 2019 alongside 
ground preparation for reclamation works.
Market Review & Outlook
In 2018, the world generated over two billion 
tonnes of municipal solid waste (MSW) 
and the annual waste generated is 
expected to increase by 70% to about 
3.4 billion tonnes by 2050. With continued 
population growth and rapid urbanisation, 
the sustainable collection and treatment 
of MSW have become key focus areas for 
governments globally. 
In China, the government continues to 
limit the addition of landfills, and maintains 
its push towards the target of treating 
one-third of China’s solid waste using 
proven incineration technologies by 2030. 
As a result, the demand for incineration 
projects in China is likely to increase over 
the next few years. 
In India, favourable feed-in tariffs for green 
power generated from solid waste continue 
to fuel strong interest in WTE projects. With 
MSW constituting about 75% of India’s waste 
and continuing pressure for more efficient 
treatment processes, opportunities for 
waste management solutions in India’s more 
developed regions are expected to increase. 
Countries within Southeast Asia (SEA) present 
good market potential, given the increasing 
level of environmental awareness, less 
developed waste management structures, as 
well as rapid urbanisation in several countries. 
Moreover, landfills in major cities are no 
longer viable as land has become scarce and 
expensive. Locally, Singapore’s declaration 
of 2019 as the Year Towards Zero Waste will 
provide new opportunities for the development 
of waste management solutions.
In Europe, the focus has turned to improving 
and upgrading waste management facilities 
to fulfil the European Union’s waste legislation 
on landfill diversion. This has created pockets 
of opportunities across member countries. 
With a global track record in waste and 
water projects, Keppel Seghers is well 
positioned to support municipalities and 
industries with its proven solutions and 
strong operational competencies.
 
Infrastructure Services
Operating Review
Keppel Infrastructure Services (KIS) continues 
to maintain high operating standards by 
maximising availability, reliability, and 
efficiency for its portfolio of assets spanning 
the power, WTE, water and district cooling 
sectors. With its track record of executional 
excellence, KIS sets the benchmark in the 
industry for operations and maintenance. 
KIS is also focused on improving the operational 
efficiency of its plants. Amongst improvement 
projects in 2018 was the modification of 
the flue gas treatment system at the Keppel 
Seghers Tuas WTE plant, which enhanced 
the plant’s chemical scrubbing operations. 
Harnessing synergies, KIS has synchronised 
its procurement activities with other units 
within the Group. This has allowed KIS to 
boost data control and audit compliance, 
demonstrating its commitment towards 
good corporate governance.
Market Review & Outlook
New regulatory regimes and urbanisation 
blueprints are increasingly fuelled by 
burgeoning concerns around climate 
change. While these trends provide exciting 
opportunities, KIS must continue to evolve 
and adapt for more resource-efficient and 
environmentally-friendly operations and 
maintenance solutions. 
Supporting the Group’s vision of shaping 
a sustainable future, KIS will continue 
to actively seek new projects spanning 
DCS, water, WTE and power to deliver 
high-quality value-added operations and 
maintenance services. 
Performance Review
Operating & Financial Review
Infrastructure
1
1
Keppel Infrastructure 
Services will operate and 
maintain the Hong Kong 
IWMF when it is completed 
in 2024.
2
Senior management 
from Keppel T&T and the 
Salim Group marked the 
groundbreaking of IKDC 1 
on 17 January 2019. 
52   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 48--------------------------------------------------

In Singapore, Keppel DC Singapore 4 
has secured close to 60% committed 
occupancy upon the completion of its 
phase 2 fit-out in 2018. Upon Keppel DC 
REIT’s acquisition of Keppel DC Singapore 5 
(formerly known as Kingsland Data Centre), 
KDCH was appointed as the master 
lessee and facility manager for the asset.
To meet the changing demands and 
requirements of clients for greater 
connectivity, KDCH partnered DE-CIX, 
one of the world’s leading Internet 
Exchange providers in Frankfurt, 
Germany, to offer premium interconnection 
services at Keppel DC Frankfurt 1. 
Keppel T&T is pursuing innovative 
new solutions in collaboration with 
other business units in the Group. 
These include floating data centre 
parks and high-rise green data centres, 
which may also incorporate cold energy 
harvesting facilities. 
In recognition of its commitment to 
operational excellence and track record, 
KDCH was named the Singapore Wholesale 
Colocation Service Provider of the Year 
by Frost and Sullivan in November 2018.
Market Review & Outlook
The proliferation of Internet of Things, 
big data, Artificial Intelligence, and  
cloud-based services continues to drive 
demand for data centre space.
According to the Cisco Global Cloud Index, 
Asia Pacific has been identified as the hot spot 
of investments for cloud giants, with cloud 
workloads estimated to grow at a CAGR of 
27% from 2016 to 2021. While Tier 1 cities 
like Singapore remain the preferred location 
as a cloud region, emerging markets such as 
Indonesia and Vietnam are gaining traction 
as focus hubs for data centre investments 
by cloud giants. 
Data Centres
Operating Review
Keppel Data Centres Holding (KDCH) continued 
to pursue expansion opportunities in target 
markets, while enhancing its capabilities 
and service offerings to meet the growing 
demand for big data and connectivity. Today, 
the Group has a portfolio of 22 data centres 
across 14 cities in Asia Pacific and Europe. 
KDCH along with Alpha Data Centre Fund 
(Alpha DC Fund) has entered into several 
strategic partnerships to develop and 
operate data centres in the Asia Pacific. 
In a joint venture with the Salim Group, KDCH 
and Alpha DC Fund will develop and operate 
a data centre in Bogor, about 35 kilometres 
from Jakarta, Indonesia. The IndoKeppel 
Data Centre 1 (IKDC 1), with a 3-hectare 
land plot, will be the first phase of a larger 
data centre campus development that will 
cater to a growing demand for quality data 
centre space in Indonesia. IKDC 1 will be 
a Tier 3 data centre with a gross floor area 
(GFA) of approximately 105,300 square feet (sf). 
The construction of the data centre’s core and 
shell, as well as first phase fit-out, is expected 
to be completed by 1H 2020. 
KDCH and Alpha DC Fund also entered into an 
agreement with a leading technology company 
(the customer) to develop and operate a 
greenfield data centre in an industrial park 
in Johor, Malaysia, earmarked to be a data 
and research hub for the state. The data 
centre will feature minimum Tier 3 equivalent 
specifications for concurrent maintainability, 
spread over 100,495 sf of GFA. Upon expected 
completion in 2020, the data centre will be 
fully committed by the customer. 
To further expand its footprint, KDCH is 
fostering partnerships with technology 
companies in China, to develop, operate 
and maintain more efficient and robust 
data centres in China and around the world.
2
Keppel T&T is pursuing 
innovative new solutions 
in collaboration with other 
business units in the Group. 
These include floating data 
centre parks and high-rise 
green data centres.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   53
--------------------------------------------------Page 49--------------------------------------------------

Data centre colocation remains a viable 
solution for enterprises and cloud services 
providers, with its flexibility, lower upfront 
cost and localisation advantages. According 
to Technavio’s latest research, the global 
data centre colocation market is forecasted 
to grow at a CAGR of 9% from 2018 to 2022. 
Structure Research, a research and consultancy 
firm focused on internet infrastructure, 
estimates that the Singapore colocation 
market is expected to register a healthy 
CAGR of 12%, reaching $2 billion by 2021.
The rising demand and opportunities 
have also resulted in steeper competition 
from global incumbents and new players. 
Additionally, data centre providers also 
face the challenge of land scarcity. 
KDCH will continue to work closely with 
Alpha DC Fund and Keppel DC REIT to 
proactively seek new development and 
acquisition opportunities in Asia Pacific 
and Europe. It will also sharpen its value 
proposition, especially in the areas of 
enhancing connectivity, as well as explore 
innovative and sustainable data centre 
designs and technologies. 
Logistics
Operating Review
In 2018, Keppel Logistics focused its efforts 
on building new capabilities and expanding 
its omnichannel solution offerings to 
customers in SEA.
To augment its urban logistics business, 
Keppel Logistics increased its stake in 
UrbanFox to 85% from 59.6%. In 2018, 
UrbanFox expanded its customer base to over 
200 channel management customers from 
logistics business, as it seeks to optimise 
and focus resources to become a leading 
urban logistics solutions provider.
Market Review & Outlook
According to the OECD’s latest report,  
Emerging Asia’s Gross Domestic Product 
is forecasted to grow at an annual average 
of 6.1% from 2019 to 2023. This is expected 
to support the growth of urban logistics in 
SEA through increased domestic consumption 
and investment.
The e-commerce market in SEA remains 
promising. A joint study by Google and 
Temasek published in 2018 reported that 
SEA’s internet economy had hit an inflection 
point in 2018, when its internet economy’s 
year-on-year growth of 37% exceeded the 
32% CAGR recorded between 2015 and 
2018. According to the report, SEA’s 
internet economy will continue growing 
at unprecedented pace, reaching a gross 
market value of US$240 billion by 2025 from 
US$32 billion in 2015. Growth of the internet 
economy is expected to be driven mainly by 
the e-commerce sector, which is projected 
to register a CAGR of 34% from 2015 to 
2025 to reach a gross market value of 
US$102 billion by 2025. Within SEA, the 
highest e-commerce growth is expected to 
be from Indonesia, Thailand and Vietnam.
Leveraging the Group’s global presence and 
its integrated end-to-end logistics services, 
Keppel Logistics is well positioned to tap the 
growing demand for e-commerce in the region. 
Keppel Logistics will continue to transform 
its business and build new capabilities to 
provide omnichannel solutions for the 
fast-growing e-commerce market in Asia. 
During the year, 
Keppel Logistics fully 
integrated its B2B and 
B2C operations at 
Tampines Logistics 
Hub in Singapore, and 
expanded its omnichannel 
solution offerings to 
customers in SEA.
Performance Review
Operating & Financial Review
Infrastructure
five as at end-2017, and more than doubled 
the number of last-mile business-to-consumer 
(B2C) deliveries. The company also launched 
new solution offerings during the year and 
expanded its UrbanFox Marketplace to 
include the business-to-business (B2B) 
segment. As at end-2018, more than 300 
brands have been made available on the 
UrbanFox Marketplace.
In line with its commitment to provide agile 
and innovative solutions for customers, 
UrbanFox invested in technology and 
process optimisation initiatives to strengthen 
its services. Growing beyond Singapore, 
it is gearing up to seize opportunities 
offered by e-commerce in SEA. 
In 2018, Keppel Logistics retrofitted its 
Tampines Logistics Hub in Singapore 
and increased its warehouse footprint in 
Malaysia and Vietnam. In Indonesia, Keppel 
Logistics expanded its transportation fleet 
and commenced domestic sea freight and 
air freight delivery services. Meanwhile, 
the warehouse occupancy and transport 
volumes in Australia grew during the year 
with new customer wins. 
Keppel Logistics’ river ports in Foshan, 
Guangzhou experienced a drop in throughput, 
against the backdrop of changing regulatory 
requirements as well as concerns over 
trade tensions between the US and China. 
Construction of the Keppel Wanjiang 
International Coldchain Logistics Park in 
Anhui province was completed, and operations 
are expected to commence in 1H 2019. 
Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation 
is undertaking a strategic review of its China 
54   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 50--------------------------------------------------

Investments 
We create value 
for shareholders 
by investing strategically 
and developing new 
growth engines.
Earnings Highlights ($m)
2018
2017*
2016*
Revenue
121 
173 
134
EBITDA
(15)
177 
63
Operating (Loss)/Profit
(21)
175 
61
(Loss)/Profit before Tax
(19)
290 
56
Net (Loss)/Profit
(54)
238 
36
Average Headcount (Number)
554
416 
286
Manpower Cost
146
110 
89
* 2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 
(International). 2016 financial figures were prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 
and certain amounts have been reclassified for comparability purposes.
Focus for 2019/2020
Keppel Capital will continue to 
pursue organic and inorganic growth 
opportunities to grow the Group’s asset 
management platform.
M1 will continue to build up its capabilities 
to capitalise on new opportunities. Keppel 
and SPH will work with M1’s board and 
management to drive its business 
transformation plans.
Continue development of the Sino-Singapore 
Tianjin Eco-City to realise its vision of 
being a model for sustainable urbanisation 
in China.
Major Developments in 2018
Keppel Capital announced expansion into 
new asset classes such as senior living.  
Keppel REIT divested a 20% stake in 
Ocean Financial Centre in Singapore. 
KIT announced the acquisition of Ixom.
Keppel DC REIT and KORE expanded their 
portfolios with acquisitions worth over 
$700 million. 
AAMTF III closed at US$1.1 billion.
KUS signed MOUs with Envision and 
ST Engineering for smart city solutions. 
KUS signed MOUs for development 
opportunities in the Philippines and China.
Keppel & SPH launched an offer to take 
majority control of M1.
Leveraging the Group’s 
core competencies, 
Keppel Capital will 
continue to create 
innovative investment 
solutions and connect 
investors with high-quality 
real assets in fast-growing 
sectors fuelled by 
urbanisation trends.
Photo credit: ST Press
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   55
--------------------------------------------------Page 51--------------------------------------------------

Earnings Review
The Investments Division comprises mainly 
Keppel Capital and Keppel Urban Solutions 
(KUS), as well as the Group’s investments 
in M1, KrisEnergy and the Sino-Singapore 
Tianjin Eco-City (Eco-City).
The Investments Division generated revenue 
of $121 million for FY 2018, down $52 million 
or 30% from the previous year, due mainly 
to the absence of sale of investments and 
lower revenue from the asset management 
business. The Division reported a pre-tax 
loss of $19 million for FY 2018, compared to 
a pre-tax profit of $290 million for FY 2017. 
This was due mainly to lower profit from 
land sales in the Eco-City, lower contribution 
from the asset management business and 
provision for impairment of an associated 
company, partly offset by lower share 
of loss from KrisEnergy. In 2017, the 
Investments Division also benefitted from 
the share of profits from k1 Ventures and 
write-back of provision for impairment of 
an associated company.
Accordingly, the Division reported a net loss 
of $54 million for FY 2018, compared to a 
net profit of $238 million for FY 2017.
Keppel Capital
Operating Review
2018 was an active year for Keppel Capital 
as it continued to expand into new markets 
and asset classes. Keppel Capital’s total 
assets under management (AUM) remained 
stable at about $29 billion as at end-2018 on 
a fully leveraged and invested basis, despite 
a few divestments by Alpha Investment 
Partners (Alpha) during the year.
In 2018, Keppel Capital made headway in the 
investments into alternative asset classes, 
including senior living and education real 
estate sectors, as well as announced plans 
to establish its first retail-focused fund with 
an initial focus on Australia. At the same 
time, a Renminbi fund management entity 
was also established in the Sino-Singapore 
Tianjin Eco-City. 
Real Estate
In 2018, Keppel REIT Management strategically 
divested a 20% minority stake in Ocean 
Financial Centre to Allianz Real Estate for 
$537.3 million. This allowed Keppel REIT 
(KREIT) to recognise some capital gains while 
maintaining its exposure to the strengthening 
Singapore office market through its 79.9% 
controlling stake. In Australia, development 
of the Grade A office tower at 311 Spencer 
Street in Melbourne is slated for completion 
in 1H 2020. 
The Manager’s proactive leasing efforts 
kept KREIT’s portfolio well occupied in 2018, 
with committed occupancy at 98.4% as at 
end-2018, and a long weighted average 
lease to expiry (WALE) of 5.9 years that 
will underpin KREIT’s long-term stable 
recurring income. 
Meanwhile, Keppel-KBS US REIT Management 
delivered on its investment and growth 
strategy to augment Keppel-KBS US REIT’s 
(KORE) portfolio by acquiring quality 
income-producing properties in first 
choice submarkets in the United States (US) 
with positive macroeconomic and office 
fundamentals. During the year, KORE 
deepened its presence in key growth cities 
with acquisitions in Seattle and Orlando. 
As at end-2018, KORE’s portfolio occupancy 
and WALE by net lettable area remained 
healthy at 91.6% and 3.9 years respectively, 
providing stable income streams 
to unitholders.
The private funds managed by Alpha also 
registered strong fundraising efforts. The 
Alpha Asia Macro Trends Fund (AAMTF) III 
closed in December 2018 at approximately 
US$1.1 billion, including co-investments, 
exceeding its initial target of US$1 billion. 
During the year, Alpha divested over 
US$1.9 billion in assets across the various 
funds under management, and committed 
to acquisitions in Singapore, Brisbane, 
Shanghai and Tokyo with a gross asset 
value of over US$1.1 billion.  
Data Centres
Keppel DC REIT Management maintained 
its focused investment strategy of seeking 
quality income-producing acquisitions in 
key data centre hubs across Asia Pacific 
and Europe. 
In 2018, the REIT added Keppel DC Singapore 
5 and maincubes Data Centre to its stable 
of quality data centres, and announced the 
addition of Intellicentre 3 East Data Centre 
(IC3 East DC) which will be built on 
the vacant land within its Intellicentre 2 
Data Centre’s site. IC3 East DC is expected 
to be completed in 2020. This has brought 
the REIT’s total AUM to $2 billion across 
15 data centres, excluding IC3 East DC. 
The Manager also acquired the remaining 
999-year leasehold interest at Keppel DC 
Dublin 1, with completion expected in 1H 2020. 
As at end-2018, the REIT’s portfolio occupancy 
remained healthy at 93.1%, while the WALE 
was at 8.3 years by leased area, providing 
good visibility to its income stream. 
Alpha Data Centre Fund (Alpha DC Fund) 
continued to expand its portfolio of assets 
in new markets. Working with Keppel Data 
Centres, Alpha DC Fund marked its foray 
into Indonesia through a partnership for a 
data centre project in Bogor, near Jakarta. 
Alpha DC Fund also successfully secured a 
built-to-suit project with a leading technology 
company for its first greenfield data centre 
asset in Johor, Malaysia. This is the Fund’s 
first large-scale project for the customer, 
with Alpha DC Fund’s innovative deal structuring 
setting a repeatable and scalable operating 
model for the Fund’s future expansion 
plans in Asia.
Infrastructure
Keppel Infrastructure Fund Management 
announced the strategic addition of Ixom 
to Keppel Infrastructure Trust (KIT). Ixom is 
one of the leading industrial and infrastructure 
businesses in Australia and New Zealand. 
Following the completion of the transaction 
in February 2019, the addition of Ixom 
will provide KIT with long-term and stable 
cash flows, underpinned by multiple core 
assets and a well-positioned network of 
infrastructure, as well as extend the cash 
flow life of the Trust’s portfolio. KIT will 
continue to deliver steady income from 
its three core sectors of Energy, Distribution 
& Network, and Waste & Water sectors. 
1
Performance Review
Operating & Financial Review
Investments
56   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 52--------------------------------------------------

The Tianjin government’s property cooling 
measures have continued to dampen market 
demand for homes in the Eco-City. In 2018, 
a total of 2,700 homes were sold by various 
developers in the Eco-City, down 30% from 
the homes sold in 2017. Despite the lower 
sales volume, the Eco-City remains a highly 
sought-after residential precinct within the 
Tianjin Binhai New Area for homebuyers and 
developers alike. In 2018, SSTEC sold three 
residential land plots to developers keen 
to participate in the Eco-City’s continued 
development. One plot was acquired by 
Keppel Land China to expand its presence 
in the Eco-City. 
With the successful completion of the 
Start-Up Area (SUA), SSTEC will focus on 
developing the Eco-City’s Central District, 
where the future city centre will be located. 
Land parcels will be developed or sold in 
tandem with the market’s needs, to drive 
the city centre’s growth.
Reflecting the good progress of the 
Eco-City, at a meeting in September 2018, 
the Eco-City’s Joint Steering Council, 
co-chaired by Singapore’s Deputy Prime 
Minister Teo Chee Hean and Chinese 
Vice Premier Han Zheng, supported the 
replication of the Eco-City’s experience in 
other Chinese cities as well as along the 
Belt and Road regions. A joint cooperation 
framework was signed between the two 
governments to promote the replication 
of the Eco-City’s development experience. 
In 2018, Keppel Land China sold about 
630 homes in the Eco-City. As at end-2018, 
Keppel Land China had launched about 
4,500 homes in the Eco-City, of which about 
98% had been sold. Riding on its strong track 
Business Outlook
As an integrated asset manager, 
Keppel Capital continues to play a 
key role in collaborating with other 
business units to create real assets 
from the spectrum of solutions offered 
by the Group. Keppel Capital will continue 
to pursue both organic and inorganic 
growth opportunities to grow its AUM to 
the $50 billion target by 2022, boosting the 
Group’s funding capabilities and expanding 
its capital base. Leveraging the Group’s core 
competencies, Keppel Capital will continue 
to create innovative investment solutions 
and connect investors with high-quality real 
assets in fast-growing sectors fuelled by 
urbanisation trends.
Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City
In 2018, the Eco-City celebrated its 
10th anniversary. The former saline 
wasteland has been transformed into a 
thriving green city, and the Eco-City is on 
track to realising its vision of becoming a 
model for sustainable urbanisation in China. 
Keppel leads the Singapore consortium, which 
works with its Chinese partner to guide the 
50-50 joint venture (JV) – Sino-Singapore 
Tianjin Eco-City Investment and Development 
Co., Ltd. (SSTEC) – in its role as master 
developer of the Eco-City. 
Today, more than 100,000 people1 live 
and work in the Eco-City, which is a bustling 
community with three neighbourhood 
centres, five libraries, three health services 
centres, a hospital and 17 schools with 
about 10,000 students. The Eco-City’s 
business parks also continued to attract 
new investments and tenants. To date, the 
Eco-City has over 7,700 registered companies1.
2
1
Keppel DC REIT acquired 
Keppel DC Singapore 5, 
a purpose-built, carrier-
neutral colocation data 
centre, in 2018.
2
Mr Lawrence Wong (left), 
Singapore’s Minister for 
National Development 
and Second Minister for 
Finance, and Mr Zhang 
Yuzhuo (right), Tianjin 
Binhai New Area Party 
Secretary, officiated at the 
launch of the Eco-City’s 
city centre.
record in the Eco-City, Keppel Land China also 
successfully secured a 10.97-hectare residential 
site in the Eco-City’s SUA, which will be 
developed into an eco-community comprising 
terrace houses and low-rise apartments. 
Different business units in the Keppel Group are 
contributing to the Eco-City’s development. The 
occupancy of Keppel Telecommunications & 
Transportation’s logistics distribution centre 
in the Eco-City improved to about 80% by 
end-2018, compared to 65% in 2017. In the 
meantime, the Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City 
Water Reclamation Centre, a JV between 
Keppel Infrastructure and Tianjin Eco-City 
Investment and Development Co., Ltd, 
commenced commercial operations in 
January 2018. The Centre treats wastewater 
effluent from an existing wastewater treatment 
plant to produce recycled water that meets 
China’s most stringent standards for urban 
miscellaneous water consumption. Keppel 
Capital China also established a fund 
management entity in the Eco-City in 2018. 
Keppel Urban Solutions
KUS is an end-to-end master developer of 
smart, sustainable urban townships, leveraging 
the Group’s experience and strong track 
record in the planning and development 
of large-scale projects in the Asia Pacific. 
KUS brings together the Group’s diverse 
capabilities in energy, property, infrastructure 
and connectivity to create highly liveable, 
smart and sustainable communities. 
With more than half of the population in Asia 
moving to and living in cities and urban centres 
by 2040, KUS is focused on capturing the 
growing demand for smart, sustainable 
townships and precincts in the region. KUS’ 
points of differentiation are premised on its 
1 These figures include the Tourism District and Central Fishing Port.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   57
--------------------------------------------------Page 53--------------------------------------------------

end-to-end offerings from planning to 
precinct operations, leveraging the Keppel 
Group’s solutions. These include horizontal 
and vertical infrastructure, connectivity, 
urban logistics and place management.
KUS’ capabilities will first be applied in 
Saigon Sports City (SSC), a 64-hectare 
township development in Ho Chi Minh City, 
Vietnam. The development of SSC will be 
driven by enablers for essential services 
such as smart security management, smart 
mobility and environmental infrastructure 
solutions. Through active programming and 
place-making initiatives, SSC aims to be an 
inclusive and vibrant destination of choice. 
In 2018, KUS established a partnership with 
ST Engineering to leverage each company’s 
expertise and resources in the design and 
implementation of smart city masterplans 
and solutions within Keppel’s developments. 
The companies can also collaborate on 
third-party projects in Asia Pacific. 
Over in China, KUS signed an agreement 
with Envision and the Wuxi government 
for the development of a Smart Internet of 
Things (IoT) City which includes a smart 
IoT-industry park in Xuelang Town of Taihu 
New City in Wuxi. Through a city-industry 
integration, the parties intend to create a 
work-live-play model that is replicable and 
scalable in China and overseas.
KrisEnergy
In 2018, exploration & production (E&P) operator 
KrisEnergy continued to face strong headwinds. 
Brent crude oil averaged US$72 per barrel (bbl) 
during the year, an increase from 2017’s 
average of US$55/bbl. In 4Q 2018, a series of 
geo-political developments coupled with surging 
oil production in the US resulted in oil prices 
swinging from a high of US$86/bbl in October 
2018 to a low of US$50/bbl in December 2018. 
Notwithstanding this, KrisEnergy recorded 
a 40% increase in the average realised oil 
price to US$69/bbl. Average gas sales price 
in Thailand increased 15% year-on-year 
to US$4.58 per thousand cubic feet (mcf) 
in 2018, while the gas price achieved from 
the onshore Bangora field in Bangladesh 
was unchanged at US$2.32/mcf. 
In 2018, KrisEnergy reported revenues of 
US$145 million and net cash flow from 
operations of US$37 million, up from 
US$141 million and US$23 million for 
FY 2017 respectively. Earnings before 
interest, taxation, depreciation, amortisation, 
geological expenses and exploration 
expenses amounted to US$58 million, 
up from US$27 million for FY 2017, 
marking KrisEnergy’s highest performance 
since 2011. Despite these improvements, 
the company reported net loss after tax of 
US$160 million for FY 2018, due to non-cash 
impairment expenses and write-offs for 
non-core assets, depreciation, depletion 
and amortisation costs, and finance charges. 
Total capital expenditure (capex) for 
2018 was US$56 million versus a revised 
forecast of US$97 million at mid-2018, 
due to a change in timeline for certain 
projects. KrisEnergy’s balance sheet 
remains under pressure. As at end-2018, 
Performance Review
Operating & Financial Review
Investments
KUS is an end-to-end 
master developer of smart, 
sustainable urban townships, 
leveraging the Group’s 
experience and strong track 
record in the planning 
and development of  
large-scale projects in 
the Asia Pacific.
1
58   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 54--------------------------------------------------

gearing rose to 99.9% from 73.5% as at 
end-2017. KrisEnergy intends to execute 
the appropriate strategies to de-leverage its 
balance sheet while maintaining its investment 
in core assets to maximise future cash flow.
In 2018, KrisEnergy remained focused on 
its core development assets in the Gulf 
of Thailand (GOT), namely the Apsara oil 
development offshore Cambodia and the 
Rossukon oil development in the G6/48 licence. 
KrisEnergy’s working interest production 
averaged 10,691 barrels of oil equivalent per day 
(boepd) in 2018, down 16% from 2017. The 
KrisEnergy-operated Wassana field, in the 
G10/48 licence in the GOT, produced an 
average of 4,455 barrels of oil per day (bopd) in 
2018, up from 4,377 bopd in 2017. Meanwhile, 
the Bangora gas field onshore Bangladesh 
produced an average of 14,798 boepd. 
In the non-operated B8/32 in the GOT, infill 
drilling commenced in 2H 2018 and gross 
production averaged 32,724 boepd in 2018. 
As at end-2018, KrisEnergy’s working interest 
proved plus probable (2P) reserves were 
estimated by Netherland, Sewell & Associates, 
Inc. (NSAI) at 63.5 million barrels of oil 
equivalent (mmboe) compared to 83.5 mmboe 
as at end-2017. This was largely due to the 
company ceasing participation in the Block A 
Aceh production sharing contract in Indonesia 
and the G11/48 licence. Reserves assigned 
to the G10/48 licence in the GOT decreased 
53% due to 2018 production and lower 
well recovery. Assessments for 2P reserves 
also decreased for B8/32 and Block 9 due 
to 2018 production and, in the case of B8/32, 
assumptions of reduced future infill drilling.
NSAI recognised best estimate contingent 
(2C) resources of 64.1 mmboe as at 
end-2018, a 27% drop from 2017 due to 
the removal of contribution from G11/48 
and Block A Aceh. Gains in 2C resources of 
6.6 mmboe were recorded for G10/48 and 
G6/48, which contains the Rossukon oil 
development project in the GOT.
Health, safety and the environment remained 
a priority. In 2018, KrisEnergy recorded about 
1.6 million man-hours on its operated assets 
with one lost-time injury in March.
In 2018, KrisEnergy appointed Keppel Offshore 
& Marine (Keppel O&M) as the preferred 
contractor under a cooperation agreement. 
With this, Keppel O&M can offer KrisEnergy a 
comprehensive suite of offshore oil and gas 
solutions as KrisEnergy enhances its assets in 
Asia. Subsequent to the agreement, Keppel O&M 
secured a production barge upgrade contract 
from KrisEnergy in November 2018. Works 
commenced on the barge at the end of 2018. 
M1
In 2018, M1 continued to expand its customer 
base. The company added 22,000 postpaid 
customers in 2018, bringing the total base 
to 1.4 million as at end-2018, while its fibre 
customer base grew 11% from 2017 to 
209,000 in 2018. As at end-2018, M1’s total 
customer base stood at 2.2 million.
Amidst intensifying market competition, M1 
seeks to strengthen its position by enhancing 
customer experiences, introducing value-added 
services and seeking new growth verticals. 
M1 is committed to delivering the best mobile 
experience to its customers. Recognising 
the need for faster network speeds and 
high-bandwidth mobile applications, M1 
continued to invest in expanding capacity 
and delivering superior network performance. 
In 2018, M1 collaborated with multiple vendors 
to embark on Singapore’s first end-to-end 5G 
live trial, and announced plans to conduct 
a 5G small cell trial to develop the next 
generation of 5G small cells architecture. 
M1 became the first operator in Singapore 
to launch the digital eSIM on the new 
generation of iPhones, allowing users to activate 
an additional cellular plan. M1 also launched a 
new cloud-based subscription video surveillance 
service to help businesses and small and 
medium sized enterprises with the adoption of 
digital technologies. As part of plans to expand 
its corporate segment and digital solutions 
in Smart Nation, Fintech and Cybersecurity, 
M1 signed an MOU with Jurong Port to provide 
a terminal-wide wireless private network.
 
Privatisation of M1
In September 2018, a Pre-conditional Voluntary 
General Offer was made by Konnectivity, 
a joint venture between Keppel Corporation 
and Singapore Press Holdings (SPH) for 
the remaining shares in M1, for a cash offer 
of $2.06 per share. 
By end-February 2019, Konnectivity and its 
concert parties had obtained majority control 
of M1. Strong support for the Offer by M1’s 
shareholders has resulted in M1 ceasing 
to have at least 10% of the total number of 
shares held by the public. Konnectivity will 
be de-listing M1 from the Main Board of the 
SGX-ST after the close of the Offer, and will 
be exercising its right to compulsorily acquire 
all the shares of M1 from shareholders who 
had not accepted the Offer.
Together with SPH, Keppel seeks to drive 
business changes that will enable M1 to compete 
more effectively in the telecommunications 
industry. With the privatisation of M1, Keppel 
and SPH will be better able to drive changes 
and create greater value, together with M1’s 
board and management. 
M1 also complements Keppel’s mission as a 
solutions provider for sustainable urbanisation, 
which includes connectivity. M1 can serve as 
a digital platform and connectivity partner to 
complement and augment Keppel’s current 
suite of solutions, and at the same time, 
benefit from harnessing the synergies of 
the Keppel Group. 
1
Saigon Sports City is 
envisaged to be a bustling 
hub, combining high-quality 
urban living with modern 
healthy lifestyle concepts.
2
M1 can serve as a digital 
platform and connectivity 
partner to complement and 
augment Keppel’s current 
suite of solutions for 
sustainable urbanisation.
2
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   59
--------------------------------------------------Page 55--------------------------------------------------

Group Overview
Group net profit was $944 million, an 
increase of 382% from $196 million for 2017. 
Net profit for 2017 included $619 million for 
the one-off financial penalty arising from 
Keppel Offshore & Marine’s (Keppel O&M) 
global resolution with criminal authorities in 
the United States (US), Brazil and Singapore, 
and related legal, accounting and forensics 
costs. Excluding the one-off financial penalty 
and related costs from 2017, net profit for 
2018 of $944 million was 16% above the 
net profit of $815 million for 2017 due 
largely to earnings growth registered by 
the Property and Infrastructure divisions as 
well as lower loss at the Offshore & Marine 
(O&M) Division, partly offset by loss from 
the Investments Division.
Earnings Per Share (EPS) was 52.0 cents, 
an increase of 381% from 10.8 cents for 2017. 
Return On Equity (ROE) was 8.3%, compared 
to 1.7% for 2017. Economic Value Added 
was positive $252 million for 2018, compared 
to negative $839 million for 2017. 
Free cash inflow was $515 million, compared 
to $1,802 million for 2017, mainly due to 
working capital requirements. Meanwhile, 
net gearing for 2018 was 0.48 times, 
compared to 0.46 times for 2017.
Total cash dividend for 2018 will be 
30.0 cents per share. This comprises a 
proposed final cash dividend of 15.0 cents 
per share, as well as an interim cash dividend 
of 10.0 cents per share and a special cash 
dividend of 5.0 cents per share paid in the 
Management Discussion  
& Analysis 
We are configured for  
growth, building on  
an institutional quality  
balance sheet.
Performance Review
third quarter of 2018 to commemorate 
Keppel’s golden jubilee.
Segment Operations
Group revenue of $5,965 million for 2018 
was at almost the same level as in 2017. 
Revenue from the O&M Division improved 
by $73 million or 4% to $1,875 million due 
to revenue recognition in relation to the 
jackup rigs sold to Borr Drilling and higher 
revenue recognition from ongoing projects. 
Major jobs completed and delivered in 
2018 included two jackup rigs, a gas carrier 
refurbishment, two Floating Production 
Storage and Offloading conversions, a 
Roll-on/Roll-off conversion and two dual-fuel 
liquefied natural gas tugs. Revenue from the 
Property Division decreased by $442 million 
to $1,340 million due mainly to lower revenue 
from Singapore, China and Vietnam property 
trading. Revenue from the Infrastructure 
Division grew by $422 million to $2,629 million 
as a result of increased sales in the power 
and gas businesses, partly offset by lower 
progressive revenue recognition from 
the Keppel Marina East Desalination Plant 
project. Meanwhile, revenue from the 
Investments Division decreased by 
$52 million to $121 million due mainly 
to the absence of sale of investments 
and lower revenue from the asset 
management business.
Group net profit of $944 million for 2018 
was $748 million or 382% higher than the 
previous year. Net profit for 2017 included 
$619 million for the one-off financial penalty 
and related costs. Excluding the one-off 
Operating & Financial Review
Free Cash Inflow 
$515m 
As compared to $1,802m for FY 2017.
Earnings Per Share 
52.0cts
An increase from 10.8cts^ for FY 2017.
^ Includes the one-off financial penalty and related 
costs of $619 million.
60   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 56--------------------------------------------------

financial penalty and related costs from 
2017, 2018 net profit of $944 million was 
$129 million or 16% above the net profit of 
$815 million for 2017.
In 2018, the O&M Division’s loss narrowed 
to $109 million as compared to the net loss 
of $207 million in 2017, which excluded the 
one-off financial penalty and related costs. 
This was mainly due to higher operating 
results arising from higher revenue, write-back 
of provisions for claims and lower net 
interest expense, partly offset by higher 
impairment provisions and absence of gain 
from divestment of Keppel Verolme in 2017. 
Profit from the Property Division increased 
by $288 million to $938 million due mainly 
to sale of development projects en-bloc 
and gain from divestment of the stake 
in Aether. The positive variance was 
partly offset by lower fair value gains on 
investment properties, lower contribution 
from Singapore and China property 
trading, and lower share of associated 
companies’ profits. 
Profit from the Infrastructure Division 
was $169 million, $35 million above that 
in 2017. This was mainly due to dilution 
gain following Keppel DC REIT’s private 
placement, the gain arising from the sale 
of stake in Keppel DC REIT, as well as 
higher contribution from Environmental 
Infrastructure and Infrastructure Services, 
partly offset by lower contribution from 
Energy Infrastructure, lower share of 
profits from Keppel Infrastructure Trust, 
and absence of gain from the divestment 
of GE Keppel Energy Services. 
Loss from the Investments Division was 
$54 million for 2018, compared to a profit 
of $238 million for 2017. This was mainly 
due to lower land sales in the Sino-Singapore 
Tianjin Eco-City, lower contribution from the 
asset management business and provision 
for impairment of an associated company, 
partly offset by lower share of loss from 
KrisEnergy. In 2017, the Investments 
Division also benefitted from the share 
of profit from k1 Ventures, write-back of 
provision for impairment of an associated 
company, and profit from sale of investments. 
In 2018, the Property Division was the 
largest contributor to the Group’s net 
profit with a 99% share, followed by the 
Infrastructure Division’s 18%, while the 
O&M and Investments divisions contributed 
negative 11% and negative 6% to the 
Group’s net profit respectively.
Key Performance Indicators
2018
$ million
18 vs 17
% +/(-)
2017#
$ million
17 vs 16
% +/(-)
2016
$ million
Revenue
5,965
<0.1
5,964
(12)
6,767
Net profit
944
382
196^
(75)
784
Earnings Per Share
52.0 cts
381
10.8 cts^
(75)
43.2 cts
Return On Equity
8.3%
388
1.7%^
(75)
6.9%
Economic Value Added
252
n.m.
(839)^
499
(140)
Operating cash flow
125
(90)
1,203
309
294
Free cash flow*
515
(71)
1,802
234
540
Total cash dividend per share
30.0 cts@
36
22.0 cts
10
20.0 cts
# 2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 
(International).
^ Includes the one-off financial penalty and related costs of $619 million. 
* Free cash flow excludes expansionary acquisitions and capital expenditure, and major divestments.
@ Comprises a proposed final cash dividend of 15.0 cents per share, an interim cash dividend of 10.0 cents  
per share and a special cash dividend of 5.0 cents per share.
Revenue ($m)
3,500
3,000
2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
0
Total
2016
2017
2018
6,767
5,964
5,965
Investments
134
173
121
Infrastructure
1,744
2,207
2,629
Property
2,035
1,782
1,340
Offshore & Marine
2,854
1,802
1,875
Net Profit ($m)
1,000
800
600
400
200
0
-200
-400
-600
-800
-1,000
Total
2016
2017*
2018
784
196
944
Investments
36
238
(54)
Infrastructure
99
134
169
Property
620
650
938
Offshore & Marine
29
(826)^
(109)
* Net profit for FY 2017 has been adjusted following the adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 
(International).
^ Includes the one-off financial penalty and related costs of $619 million.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   61
--------------------------------------------------Page 57--------------------------------------------------

Operating & Financial Review
Performance Review
Prospects
The Offshore & Marine (O&M) Division’s net 
orderbook, excluding the semisubmersibles 
for Sete Brasil (Sete), stood at $4.3 billion as at 
end-2018. The Division will continue to focus 
on delivering its projects well, exploring new 
markets and opportunities, investing in R&D 
and building new capabilities. The Division 
is also actively capturing opportunities in 
production assets, specialised vessels, gas 
solutions, floating infrastructure and offshore 
renewables, as well as exploring ways to 
re-purpose its technology in the offshore 
industry for other uses.
The Property Division sold about 4,440 homes 
in 2018, comprising about 160 in Singapore, 
2,240 in China, 910 in Vietnam, 350 in Indonesia 
and 780 in India. Keppel REIT’s office buildings 
in Singapore and Australia maintained a high 
portfolio committed occupancy rate of 98% as 
at 31 December 2018. The Division will remain 
focused on strengthening its presence in its 
key markets such as Singapore, China and 
Vietnam and scaling up in other markets 
such as Indonesia and India, while seeking 
opportunities to unlock value and recycle capital.
 
In the Infrastructure Division, Keppel 
Infrastructure will continue to build on 
its core competencies in energy and 
environment-related infrastructure, as 
well as infrastructure services to pursue 
promising growth opportunities. 
Meanwhile, Keppel Telecommunications & 
Transportation (Keppel T&T) will continue to 
develop its data centre business locally and 
Financial Review & Outlook 
We will sustain value  
creation through execution 
excellence, technology 
innovation and  
financial discipline.
overseas. Besides building complementary 
capabilities in the growing e-commerce 
business, Keppel T&T plans to transform 
the logistics business from an asset-heavy 
business to a high performing asset-light 
service provider in urban logistics. 
In the Investments Division, Keppel Capital 
will continue to allow the Group to more 
effectively recycle capital and expand its 
capital base with co-investments, giving the 
Group greater capacity to seize opportunities 
for growth. Keppel Capital will also create 
value for investors and grow the Group’s asset 
management business.
Keppel Urban Solutions will harness 
opportunities as an integrated master developer 
of smart, sustainable precincts. Starting with 
Saigon Sports City in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, 
Keppel Urban Solutions will also explore 
opportunities in other cities across Asia. 
The Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City Investment 
and Development Company Co., Ltd. will 
continue the development of the Eco-City, 
including selling further land parcels in 2019. 
The Group had launched a strategic initiative 
to gain majority control of M1, in collaboration 
with Singapore Press Holdings, via a  
Pre-conditional Voluntary General Offer 
(the Offer) to drive business changes in 
M1 that will enable M1 to compete more 
effectively in the telecommunications industry. 
The initiative complements the Group’s 
mission as a solutions provider for sustainable 
urbanisation, which includes connectivity. M1 
can serve as a digital platform and connectivity 
Total Assets 
$26.6b   
Down 7% as compared to $28.7b in  
FY 2017, mainly due to a decrease 
in current assets. 
Total Cash Dividend Per Share 
30.0cts 
This represents 58% of Group net profit. 
Excluding the special dividend, the 
proposed final cash dividend together 
with the interim cash dividend 
represents 48% of Group net profit.
62   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 58--------------------------------------------------

partner to complement and augment the 
Group’s current suite of solutions, and at 
the same time benefit from harnessing the 
synergies of the Group. By end-February 2019, 
Konnectivity and its concert parties had 
obtained majority control of M1. Strong support 
for the Offer by M1’s shareholders has resulted 
in M1 ceasing to have at least 10% of the 
total number of shares held by the public. 
Konnectivity will be de-listing M1 from the 
Main Board of the SGX-ST after the close of 
the Offer, and will be exercising its right to 
compulsorily acquire all the shares of M1 from 
shareholders who had not accepted the Offer.
In addition, Keppel Corporation and 
Keppel T&T are jointly proposing a Scheme 
of Arrangement to privatise Keppel T&T and 
provide Keppel T&T’s minority shareholders 
with a cash exit at a compelling premium. 
The proposed Scheme is consistent with 
the Group’s strategy to simplify its corporate 
structure, with a view to improving capital 
allocation and better aligning Keppel T&T’s 
interests with the rest of the Group’s.
The Group will continue to execute its 
multi-business strategy, capturing value 
by harnessing its core strengths and 
growing collaboration across its divisions 
to unleash potential synergies, while being 
agile and investing in the future. 
Shareholders Returns
Return On Equity (ROE) increased to 8.3% 
in 2018 from 1.7% in the previous year, 
largely due to higher profits as net profit 
for 2017 included $619 million for the 
EVA
2018
$ million
18 vs 17
+/(-)
2017^
$ million
17 vs 16
+/(-)
2016
$ million
Profit/(loss) after tax (Note 1)
892
909
(17)
(783)
766
Adjustment for:
Interest expense
198
9
189
(36)
225
Interest expense on non-capitalised leases
20
(6)
26
(3)
29
Tax effect on interest expense adjustments (Note 2)
(38)
–
(38)
6
(44)
Provisions, deferred tax, amortisation & other adjustments
76
–
76
79
(3)
Net Operating Profit After Tax (NOPAT)
1,148
912
236
(737)
973
Average EVA Capital Employed (Note 3)
16,539
(2,152)
18,691
(428)
19,119
Weighted Average Cost of Capital (Note 4)
5.42%
(0.33%)
5.75%
(0.07%)
5.82%
Capital Charge
(896)
179
(1,075)
38
(1,113)
Economic Value Added
252
1,091
(839)
(699)
(140)
Notes:
1. Profit/(loss) after tax excludes net revaluation gain on investment properties. 
2. The reported current tax is adjusted for statutory tax impact on interest expenses.
3. Average EVA Capital Employed is derived from the quarterly averages of net assets, interest-bearing liabilities, timing of provisions, present value of operating leases and  
other adjustments. 
4. Weighted Average Cost of Capital is calculated in accordance with the Keppel Group EVA Policy as follows:
 
(a) Cost of Equity using Capital Asset Pricing Model with market risk premium set at 5.0% (2017: 5.0%);
 
(b) Risk-free rate of 2.06% (2017: 2.41%) based on yield-to-maturity of Singapore Government 10-year Bonds;
 
(c) Unlevered beta at 0.75 (2017: 0.75); and
 
(d) Pre-tax Cost of Debt at 1.85% (2017: 2.30%) using 5-year Singapore Dollar Swap Offer Rate plus 60 basis points (2017: 60 basis points).
^ EVA for 2017 included the one-off financial penalty from the global resolution and related costs of $619 million and was adjusted following the adoption of SFRS(I)s. 
one-off financial penalty from the global 
resolution and related costs. Excluding the 
one-off financial penalty and related costs of 
$619 million from 2017, ROE was 6.9% in 2017.
The Company will be distributing a total 
cash dividend of 30.0 cents per share for 
2018, comprising a proposed final cash 
dividend of 15.0 cents per share, as well 
as the interim cash dividend of 10.0 cents 
per share and the special cash dividend of 
5.0 cents per share distributed in the third 
quarter of 2018 to commemorate Keppel’s 
golden jubilee. Total cash dividend for 2018 
represents 58% of Group net profit. Excluding 
the special dividend, the proposed final cash 
dividend together with the interim cash 
dividend represents 48% of Group net profit. 
On a per share basis, it translates into a gross 
yield of 5.1% on the Company’s last transacted 
share price of $5.91 as at 31 December 2018.
Economic Value Added
In 2018, Economic Value Added (EVA) 
was positive $252 million as compared to 
negative $839 million in the previous year. 
^ ROE for 2017 included the one-off financial penalty from the global resolution and related costs of $619 million 
and was adjusted following the adoption of the Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International)  
(“SFRS(I)s”).
@ Comprises an interim cash dividend of 10.0 cents per share and a special cash dividend of 5.0 cents per share.
ROE & Dividend
%
cents
25
20
15
10
5
0
ROE
Full-Year Dividend
Interim Dividend
8.3
30.0
15.0
@
1.7^
22.0
8.0
6.9
20.0
8.0
14.2
34.0
12.0
18.8
48.0
12.0
50
40
30
20
10
0
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   63
--------------------------------------------------Page 59--------------------------------------------------

Total Shareholder Return (%)
120
100
80
60
40
20
0
(20)
(40)
(20)
(80)
Keppel
STI
(6.4)
(14.0)
22.9
23.3
9.0
3.2
(17.8)
9.5
(22.3)
(11.4)
(6.3)
3.8
30.9
22.0
(16.4)
(6.5)
2012
2011
2013
100.8
70.8
47.0
13.4
2010
2009
2014
2016
2015
2017
2018
10-year annualised TSR as at 2018
Keppel
9.3%
STI
9.2%
Source: Total Return Analysis for KCL & STI from Bloomberg.
Performance Review
Operating & Financial Review
Financial Review & Outlook
EVA ($m)
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
0
-500
-1,000
2018
252
2017
(839)^
2016
(140)
2015
648
2013
1,142
2014
1,778
^ EVA for 2017 included the one-off financial penalty from the global resolution and related costs of 
$619 million and was adjusted following the adoption of SFRS(I)s. 
This was attributable to a net operating 
profit after tax in 2018 as compared to 
net operating loss after tax in 2017, as 
well as lower capital charge. Excluding 
the one-off financial penalty from Keppel 
Offshore & Marine’s (Keppel O&M) global 
resolution and related costs of $619 million 
from 2017, EVA was negative $220 million 
in 2017. 
Capital charge decreased by $179 million 
as a result of lower Average EVA Capital 
Employed and lower Weighted Average Cost 
of Capital (WACC). WACC decreased from 
5.75% to 5.42% due mainly to a lower 
cost of debt, partially offset by increase 
in equity value as a result of higher market 
capitalisation. Average EVA Capital 
Employed decreased by $2,152 million 
from $18.69 billion to $16.54 billion 
mainly due to lower borrowings. 
Financial Position
Group shareholders’ funds of $11.28 billion 
as at 31 December 2018 were $0.2 billion 
or 1% lower than the previous year end. 
The decrease was mainly attributable 
to purchase of treasury shares in 2018, 
decrease in fair value on cash flow hedges, 
foreign exchange translation losses, 
decrease in revenue reserves arising 
from the adoption of SFRS(I) 9 Financial 
Instruments, payment of final dividend of 
14.0 cents per share in respect of FY 2017 
and payment of interim and special dividends 
of 15.0 cents per share for 1H 2018, partly 
offset by retained profits for the year.
Group total assets of $26.61 billion as 
at 31 December 2018 were $2.1 billion 
or 7% lower than the previous year end. 
The decrease in current assets was 
mainly due to the lower stocks, contract 
assets, debtors and bank balances, 
deposits & cash. The decrease in  
non-current assets was due mainly 
to a decrease in investment properties 
following the divestment of Aether and 
decrease in long term assets arising from 
the adoption of SFRS(I) 9, partly offset 
by acquisition and further investment in 
associated companies.
Group total liabilities of $15.02 billion as 
at 31 December 2018 were $1.7 billion 
or 10% lower than the previous year-end. 
Total liabilities decreased mainly due to the 
reduction in creditors and net repayment 
of term loans.
64   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 60--------------------------------------------------

Group net debt of $5.57 billion was slightly 
higher than that as at 31 December 2017. 
This was mainly due to dividend payments 
by the Company and its listed subsidiaries, 
working capital requirements, acquisition 
and further investment in associated 
companies, as well as other capital 
expenditure cash requirements. These 
were offset by proceeds from the disposal 
of subsidiaries and associated companies 
in the Property Division, as well as 
dividends received from investments 
and associated companies. 
As at 31 December 2018, Group net gearing 
ratio was 48% as compared to 46% as at 
31 December 2017. This was largely driven 
by a decrease in total equity arising from 
lower non-controlling interests following 
the divestment of Aether.
Total Shareholder Return
We are committed to delivering value to 
shareholders through earnings growth. 
Towards achieving this, the Group will 
rely on our multi-business strategy and 
core strengths to build on what we have 
done successfully, as well as seize new 
opportunities when they arise.
Our 2018 Total Shareholder Return (TSR) 
of negative 16.4% was 9.9 percentage points 
below the benchmark Straits Times Index’s 
(STI) TSR of negative 6.5%. Our 10-year 
annualised TSR growth rate of 9.3% was 
slightly higher than STI’s 9.2%.
Cash Flow
To better reflect our operational free cash 
flow, the Group had excluded expansionary 
acquisitions (e.g. investment properties) 
and capital expenditure (e.g. building of 
new logistics or data centre facilities), 
meant for long-term growth for the Group, 
and major divestments. 
Net cash from operating activities was 
$125 million for 2018 as compared to 
$1,203 million for 2017. This was due 
mainly to cash outflow arising from working 
capital requirements as compared to inflow 
in the prior year.
After excluding expansionary acquisitions, 
capital expenditure and major divestments, 
net cash from investment activities was 
$390 million. The Group spent $450 million on 
investments and operational capital expenditure. 
Total Liabilities and Capital Invested ($m)
35,000
30,000
25,000
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
2016*
2017*
2018
Shareholders’ funds
Non-controlling interests
Creditors
Contract liabilities
Term loans & bank overdrafts
Other liabilities
Total
11,668
677
6,602
1,613
9,053
331
29,944
11,443
530
6,635
1,950
7,793
335
28,686
11,278
309
5,355
1,918
7,549
197
26,606
* 2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of SFRS(I)s. 2016 financial 
figures were prepared in accordance with FRS and certain amounts have been reclassified for 
comparability purposes. 
Total Assets Owned ($m)
35,000
30,000
25,000
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
2016*
2017*
2018
Fixed assets
Properties
Investments
Stocks 
Contract assets 
Debtors & others
Bank balances, deposits & cash
Total
2,645
3,550
6,076
6,568
4,157
4,861
2,087
29,944
2,433
3,461
6,575
5,780
3,643
4,520
2,274
28,686
2,373
2,851
6,826
5,514
3,213
3,848
1,981
26,606
* 2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of SFRS(I)s. 2016 financial figures 
were prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (“FRS”) and certain 
amounts have been reclassified for comparability purposes. 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   65
--------------------------------------------------Page 61--------------------------------------------------

Performance Review
Operating & Financial Review
Financial Review & Outlook
After taking into account the proceeds 
from divestments and dividend income 
of $1,057 million, as well as advances to 
associated companies of $217 million, 
free cash inflow was $515 million.
Total distribution to shareholders of the 
Company and non-controlling shareholders 
of subsidiaries for the year amounted to 
$546 million.
Financial Risk Management
The Group operates internationally and 
is exposed to a variety of financial risks, 
comprising market risk (including currency 
risk, interest rate risk and price risk), 
credit risk and liquidity risk. Financial risk 
management is carried out by the Keppel 
Group Treasury Department in accordance 
with established policies and guidelines. 
These policies and guidelines are established 
by the Group Central Finance Committee and 
are updated to take into account changes in 
the operating environment. This committee 
is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
of the Company and includes CFOs of the 
Group’s key operating companies and 
Head Office specialists.
The Group’s financial risk management is 
discussed in more detail in the notes to the 
financial statements. In summary: 
– 
The Group has receivables and payables 
denominated in foreign currencies 
with the largest exposures arising from 
United States (US) dollars and Renminbi. 
Foreign currency exposures arise mainly 
from the exchange rate movement of 
these foreign currencies against the 
Singapore dollar, which is the Group’s 
measurement currency. The Group 
utilises forward foreign currency 
contracts to hedge its exposure to 
specific currency risks relating to 
Cash Flow
2018
$ million
18 vs 17
+/(-)
2017^
$ million
17 vs 16
+/(-)
2016
$ million
Operating profit
1,043
242
801
(100)
901
Depreciation, amortisation & other non-cash items
(495)
(213)
(282)
(689)
407
Cash flow provided by operations before changes in working capital
548
29
519
(789)
1,308
Working capital changes
(183)
(1,284)
1,101
1,687
(586)
Interest receipt and payment & tax paid
(240)
177
(417)
11
(428)
Net cash from operating activities
125
(1,078)
1,203
909
294
Investments & capital expenditure
(450)
(263)
(187)
(31)
(156)
Divestments & dividend income
1,057
228
829
369
460
Advances to associated companies
(217)
(174)
(43)
15
(58)
Net cash from investing activities
390
(209)
599
353
246
Free Cash Flow*
515
(1,287)
1,802
1,262
540
Dividend paid to shareholders of the Company & subsidiaries
(546)
(156)
(390)
232
(622)
* Free cash flow excludes expansionary acquisitions and capital expenditure, and major divestments.
^ 2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of SFRS(I)s.
receivables and payables. The bulk 
of these forward foreign currency 
contracts are entered into to hedge 
any excess US dollars arising from the 
O&M contracts based on the expected 
timing of receipts. The Group does not 
engage in foreign currency trading.
– 
The Group hedges against price 
fluctuations arising from the purchase 
of natural gas that affect cost. Exposure 
to price fluctuations is managed via fuel 
oil forward contracts, whereby the price 
of natural gas is indexed to benchmark 
fuel price indices of High Sulphur Fuel Oil 
(HSFO) 180-CST and Dated Brent.
– 
The Group hedges against fluctuations 
in electricity prices arising from its daily 
sales of electricity. Exposure to price 
fluctuations is managed via electricity 
futures contracts.
– 
The Group maintains a mix of fixed and 
variable rate debt/loan instruments with 
varying maturities. Where necessary, 
the Group uses derivative financial 
instruments to hedge interest rate risks. 
These may include cross currency 
swaps, interest rate swaps, swaptions 
and interest rate caps.
– 
The Group maintains flexibility in funding 
by ensuring that ample working capital 
lines are available at any one time.
– 
The Group adopts stringent procedures 
on extending credit terms to customers 
and the monitoring of credit risk.
Borrowings
The Group borrows from local and foreign 
banks in the form of short-term and 
long-term loans, project loans and bonds. 
Total Group borrowings as at end-2018 
were $7.5 billion (2017: $7.8 billion and 
2016: $9.1 billion). At the end of 2018, 
20% (2017: 22% and 2016: 20%) of 
Group borrowings were repayable 
within one year, with the balance 
largely repayable more than three  
years later.
Unsecured borrowings constituted 92% 
(2017: 91% and 2016: 87%) of total 
borrowings, with the balance secured 
by properties and other assets. Secured 
borrowings are mainly for financing of 
investment properties and project finance 
loans for property development projects. 
The net book value of properties and 
assets pledged/mortgaged to financial 
institutions amounted to $1.07 billion 
(2017: $1.89 billion and 2016: $2.81 billion).
Fixed rate borrowings constituted 
67% (2017: 65% and 2016: 58%) of 
total borrowings with the balance at 
floating rates. The Group has cross 
currency swap and interest rate swap 
agreements with notional amount 
totalling $1,667 million whereby it 
receives foreign currency fixed rates 
(in the case of the cross currency swaps) 
and variable rates equal to SOR and 
LIBOR (in the case of interest rate swaps) 
and pays fixed rates of between 1.33% 
and 3.62% on the notional amount. 
Details of these derivative instruments 
are disclosed in the notes to the 
financial statements.
Singapore dollar borrowings represented 
75% (2017: 73% and 2016: 69%) of 
total borrowings. The balance was 
mainly in US dollars. Foreign currency 
borrowings were drawn to hedge against 
the Group’s overseas investments and 
receivables that were denominated in 
foreign currencies.
66   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 62--------------------------------------------------

The weighted average tenor of the Group’s 
debt was about four years at the beginning 
of 2018 and about four years at the end 
of 2018 with an increase in average cost 
of funds. 
Capital Structure & Financial Resources
The Group maintains a strong balance sheet 
and an efficient capital structure to maximise 
return for shareholders. 
Every new investment will have to satisfy 
strict criteria for return on investment, 
cash flow generation, EVA creation and 
risk management. New investments will be 
structured with an appropriate mix of equity 
and debt after careful evaluation and 
management of risks.
Capital Structure
Total equity as at end-2018 was $11.59 billion 
as compared to $11.97 billion as at end-2017 
and $12.34 billion as at end-2016. The Group 
was in a net debt position of $5,567 million 
as at end-2018, which was slightly above the 
$5,519 million as at end-2017 but below the 
$6,966 million as at end-2016. The Group’s 
net gearing ratio was 0.48 times as at 
end-2018, compared to 0.46 times as at 
end-2017.
Interest coverage decreased from 
4.46 times in 2016 to 2.61 times in 2017 
before increasing to 6.12 times in 2018. 
Interest coverage in 2018 was higher due 
to higher Earnings before Interest expense 
and Tax (EBIT).
Cash flow coverage increased from 
2.00 times in 2016 to 5.98 times in 2017 
before decreasing to 1.53 times in 2018. 
This was mainly due to lower operational 
cash inflow in 2018. 
At the Annual General Meeting in 2018, 
shareholders gave their approval for the 
mandate to buy back shares. During the year, 
11,300,000 shares were bought back and 
held as treasury shares. The Company also 
transferred 5,374,744 treasury shares to 
employees upon vesting of shares released 
under the KCL Share Plans and Share Option 
Scheme. As at end-2018, the Company had 
5,936,044 treasury shares. Except for this 
transfer, there was no other sale, transfer, 
disposal, cancellation and/or use of treasury 
shares during the year.
Financial Resources
The Group continues to be able to tap into 
the debt capital market at competitive terms. 
As part of its liquidity management, the 
Group has built up adequate cash reserves 
as well as sufficient undrawn banking 
facilities and capital market programmes. 
Funding of working capital requirements, 
capital expenditure and investment needs 
Interest Coverage
Interest Coverage =         EBIT
Interest Cost
Note: EBIT = Profit before tax + Interest expense
$m
No. of times
1,500
1,000
500
0
2018
EBIT
Total Interest Cost
Interest Cover
1,438
235
6.12
2017
631*
241
2.61*
2016
1,313*
294
4.46*
9.0
6.0
3.0
0
* 2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of SFRS(I)s and EBIT for 2017 included 
the one-off financial penalty and related costs of $619 million. 2016 financial figures were prepared in 
accordance with FRS and certain amounts have been reclassified for comparability purposes.
$m
No. of times
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
(5,000)
(10,000)
Net Cash / (Debt)
Total Equity
Net Cash / (Gearing)
1.5
1.0
0.5
0
(0.5)
(1.0)
2018
(5,567)
11,587
(0.48)
2017
(5,519)
11,973*
(0.46)
2016
(6,966)
12,345*
(0.56)
Net Cash/(Gearing)
Net Gearing = Borrowings – Cash
Total Equity
* 2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of SFRS(I)s. 2016 financial figures were 
prepared in accordance with FRS and certain amounts have been reclassified for comparability purposes. 
Cash Flow Coverage
Cash Flow Coverage = Operating Cash Flow + Interest Cost
Interest Cost
$m
No. of times
Total Interest Expense + Interest Capitalised
Operating Cash Flow + Interest
Cash Flow Coverage
2018
235
360
1.53
2017
241
1,445
5.98
2016
294
589
2.00
1,800
1,500
1,200
900
600
300
0
9.0
7.5
6.0
4.5
3.0
1.5
0
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   67
--------------------------------------------------Page 63--------------------------------------------------

Performance Review
Operating & Financial Review
Financial Review & Outlook
Financial Capacity
$ million
Remarks
Cash at Corporate Treasury
406
20% of total cash of $1.98 billion
Available credit facilities to the Group
8,966
Credit facilities of $11.06 billion,
of which $2.09 billion was utilised
Total
9,372
was made through a mix of short-term 
money market borrowings, bank loans, 
as well as medium/long-term bonds via 
the debt capital market.
The Group maintains flexibility in 
funding by ensuring that ample working 
capital lines are available at any one time. 
Cash flow, debt maturity profile and 
overall liquidity position are actively 
reviewed on an ongoing basis.
As at end-2018, total available credit 
facilities, including cash at Corporate 
Treasury, amounted to $9.37 billion 
(2017: $11.51 billion). 
Critical Accounting Policies
The Group’s significant accounting 
policies are discussed in more detail in 
the notes to the financial statements. 
The preparation of financial statements 
requires management to exercise its 
judgement in the process of applying 
the accounting policies. It also requires 
the use of accounting estimates and 
assumptions which affect the reported 
amounts of assets, liabilities, income and 
expenses. Critical accounting estimates 
and judgement are described below. 
Expected Credit Loss on Financial Assets 
Measured at Amortised Cost and Fair Value 
Through Other Comprehensive Income
The Group assesses, on a forward looking 
basis, the expected credit losses (ECLs) 
associated with its financial assets measured 
at amortised cost and fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVOCI). The 
impairment methodology applied depends 
on whether there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk. 
ECLs are probability-weighted estimates of 
credit losses. Credit losses are measured 
at the present value of all cash shortfalls 
(i.e. the difference between the cash flows 
due to the entity in accordance with the 
contract and the cash flows that the Group 
expects to receive). ECLs are discounted 
at the effective interest rate of the financial 
asset. At each balance sheet date, the 
Group assesses whether financial assets 
carried at amortised cost and at FVOCI 
are credit-impaired. A financial asset is 
‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events 
that have a detrimental impact on the 
estimated future cash flows of the financial 
asset have occurred. These events include 
probability of insolvency, significant financial 
difficulties of the debtor and default or 
significant delay in payments. 
When determining whether the credit risk of 
a financial asset has increased significantly 
since initial recognition and when estimating 
ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and 
supportable information that is relevant 
and available without undue cost or 
effort. This includes both quantitative and 
qualitative information and analysis, based 
on the Group’s historical experience and 
informed credit assessment and includes 
forward-looking information.
The Group uses a provision matrix to 
measure the ECLs. In measuring the ECLs, 
assets are grouped based on shared 
credit risk characteristics and days past 
due. In calculating the expected credit loss 
rates, the Group considers historical loss 
rates for each category of customers and 
adjusts to reflect current and forward-looking 
macroeconomic factors affecting the ability 
of the customers to settle the receivables.
Keppel is committed to 
delivering value to shareholders, 
relying on our multi-business 
strategy and core strengths 
to deliver earnings growth.
Debt Maturity ($m)
< 1 year
1 - 2 years
2 - 3 years
3 - 4 years
4 - 5 years
> 5 years
1,481 (20%)
1,154 (15%)
903 (12%)
1,618 (22%)
1,165 (15%)
1,228 (16%)
68   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 64--------------------------------------------------

The carrying amounts of trade, intercompany 
and other receivables, and financial assets at 
FVOCI are disclosed in the balance sheet.
Impairment of Non-Financial Assets
Determining whether the carrying value 
of a non-financial asset is impaired 
requires an estimation of the value in 
use of the cash-generating units (CGUs). 
This requires the Group to estimate the 
future cash flows expected from the 
CGUs and an appropriate discount rate 
to calculate the present value of the future 
cash flows. The carrying amounts of 
fixed assets, investments in subsidiaries, 
investment in associates and joint 
ventures, and intangibles are disclosed 
in the balance sheet. 
Revenue Recognition and Contract Cost
The Group recognises contract revenue and 
contract cost over time by reference to the 
Group’s progress towards completing the 
construction of the contract work. The stage 
of completion is measured in accordance 
with the accounting policy stated in Note 
2.20. Significant assumptions are required 
in determining the stage of completion, 
the extent of the contract cost incurred, 
the estimated total contract revenue and 
contract cost, and the recoverability of 
the contracts. In making the assumption, 
the Group evaluates by relying on past 
experience and the work of engineers. 
Revenue from construction contracts 
is disclosed in Note 23. 
Revenue arising from additional claims and 
variation orders, whether billed or unbilled, 
is recognised when negotiations have reached 
an advanced stage such that it is probable 
that the customer will accept the claims or 
approve the variation orders, and the amount 
that it is probable will be accepted by the 
customer can be measured reliably.
Recoverability of Contract Asset and 
Receivable Balances in Relation to  
O&M Construction Contracts
Contracts with Sete 
The Group had previously entered into 
contracts with Sete for the construction of 
six rigs for which progress payments from 
Sete had ceased since November 2014. 
In April 2016, Sete filed for bankruptcy 
protection and its authorised representatives 
had been in discussion with the Group on the 
eventual completion and delivery of some 
of the rigs. Management has continually 
assessed the probable outcomes of these 
contracts by taking into consideration the 
progress and status of the discussions and 
market conditions in Brazil. During FY 2018, 
an expected credit loss on trade receivables 
of $102,000,000 (2017: $81,000,000) was 
recognised and a provision for contract 
related costs of $65,000,000 was made. 
Taking into consideration cost of completion, 
cost of discontinuance, salvage cost and 
unpaid progress billings with regards to 
these rigs, the total cumulative loss recognised 
in relation to these rig contracts amounted 
to $476,000,000. 
Other Contracts
As at 31 December 2018, the Group 
had several rigs that were under 
construction for customers where 
customers had requested for deferral 
of delivery dates of the rigs in prior years. 
See Note 14 on contract assets balances.
Management has assessed each 
deferred construction project individually 
to make a judgement as to whether the 
customers will be able to fulfil their 
contractual obligations and take delivery 
of the rigs at the revised delivery dates.
Management has also performed an 
assessment of the expected credit loss 
on contract assets and trade receivables 
of deferred projects to determine if a 
provision for expected loss is necessary.
In the event that the customers are unable 
to fulfil their contractual obligations, the 
Group can exercise their right to retain 
payments received to date and the legal 
possession of the rigs under construction. 
Management has further assessed if 
the values of the rigs would exceed the 
carrying values of contract assets and trade 
receivables. Management has estimated, 
with the assistance of an independent 
professional firm, the values of the rigs 
using Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) 
calculations that cover each class of rig 
under construction. The most significant 
inputs to the DCF calculations include 
day rates and discount rates.
During FY 2018, an expected credit loss 
on contract assets of $21,000,000 
was recognised.
Income Taxes
The Group has exposure to income taxes 
in numerous jurisdictions. Significant 
assumptions are required in determining 
the provision for income taxes. There are 
certain transactions and computations 
for which the ultimate tax determination 
is uncertain during the ordinary course of 
business. The Group recognises liabilities 
for expected tax issues based on estimates 
of whether additional taxes will be due. 
Where the final tax outcome of these 
matters is different from the amounts that 
were initially recognised, such differences 
will impact the income tax and deferred 
tax provisions in the period in which such 
determination is made. The carrying 
amounts of taxation and deferred taxation 
are disclosed in the balance sheet.
Claims, Litigations & Reviews
The Group enters into various contracts 
with third parties in its ordinary course 
of business and is exposed to the risk 
of claims, litigations, latent defects or 
review from the contractual parties and/or 
government agencies. These can arise 
for various reasons, including change 
in scope of work, delay and disputes, 
defective specifications or routine checks 
etc. The scope, enforceability and validity 
of any claim, litigation or review may be 
highly uncertain. In making its judgement 
as to whether it is probable that any such 
claim, litigation or review will result in a 
liability and whether any such liability can 
be measured reliably, management relies 
on past experience and the opinion of 
legal and technical expertise.
Civil Action by EIG Funds
In February 2018, the Company’s subsidiary, 
Keppel O&M was served a summons 
by eight investment funds (“plaintiffs”) 
managed by EIG Management Company 
(EIG) where a civil action was commenced 
by the plaintiffs pursuant to the Racketeer 
Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 
(RICO) in the US District Court, Southern 
District of New York. The plaintiffs seek 
damages for its loss of investment of 
US$221 million in Sete, trebled under RICO 
to US$663 million, plus interest, costs and 
mandatory attorneys’ fees under RICO. 
This new lawsuit came after an earlier 
civil action commenced by eight of EIG’s 
managed funds in the US District Court, 
District of Columbia against, among 
others, the Company and Keppel O&M. 
The case was dismissed by the Court on 
30 March 2017. 
Management is of the view that the 
reported cause of action by the plaintiffs 
is without merit and Keppel O&M will 
vigorously defend itself. As at the date of 
these financial statements, it is premature 
to predict or determine the eventual outcome 
of the action and hence, the potential amount 
of any loss cannot currently be assessed. 
Keppel O&M has filed a motion to dismiss 
EIG’s complaint.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   69
--------------------------------------------------Page 65--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited
Notes:
1 Owned by a Singapore Consortium, which is in turn 90%-owned by the Keppel Group.
2 Owned by Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation Ltd (19%), a 79%-owned subsidiary of Keppel Corporation and Konnectivity (74%), a joint venture between 
Keppel Corporation and Singapore Press Holdings.
3 Owned by Keppel Land Limited (43%) and Keppel Capital Holdings Pte Ltd (4%).
4 Public listed company.
5 Owned by Keppel Infrastructure Holdings Pte Ltd (49%) and Keppel Infrastructure Trust (51%).
6 Owned by Keppel Capital Holdings Pte Ltd (50%) and Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation Ltd (50%).
7 Konnectivity will be exercising its right to compulsorily acquire all the shares of M1 from shareholders who had not accepted the Offer.
Updated as at 8 March 2019. The complete list of subsidiaries and significant associated companies is available at www.kepcorp.com.
Infrastructure
• Energy infrastructure
• Environmental infrastructure
• Infrastructure services
• Logistics and data centres
• Investments
KEPPEL INFRASTRUCTURE
HOLDINGS PTE LTD 
100%
ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE
Keppel Gas Pte Ltd  
100%
Keppel Electric Pte Ltd
100%
Keppel DHCS Pte Ltd  
100%
Keppel Merlimau Cogen
Pte Ltd5
49%
ENVIRONMENTAL INFRASTRUCTURE
Keppel Seghers Pte Ltd
100%
INFRASTRUCTURE SERVICES
Keppel Infrastructure 
Services Pte Ltd
100%
INVESTMENTS
Keppel Infrastructure Trust4
18%
KEPPEL TELECOMMUNICATIONS & 
TRANSPORTATION LTD
79%
LOGISTICS & DATA CENTRES
Keppel Logistics Pte Ltd
100%
Keppel Data Centres Holding
Pte Ltd
100%
UrbanFox Pte Ltd
85%
Keppel DC REIT4
25%
Investments
• Asset management
• Master development
• Investments
KEPPEL CAPITAL HOLDINGS
PTE LTD 
100%
Keppel REIT Management
Limited 
100%
Alpha Investment Partners Ltd
100%
Keppel Infrastructure Fund
Management Pte Ltd 
100%
Keppel DC REIT
Management Pte Ltd6
50%
Keppel-KBS US REIT
Management Pte Ltd
50%
Keppel-KBS US REIT4
7%
KEPPEL URBAN SOLUTIONS
PTE LTD
100%
KRISENERGY LTD4
Cayman Islands 
40%
M1 LIMITED2, 4 & 7
93%
Offshore & Marine
• Offshore rig design, construction, 
repair and upgrading
• Ship conversion and repair
• Specialised shipbuilding
KEPPEL OFFSHORE &
MARINE LTD
100%
Keppel FELS Limited  
100%
Keppel Shipyard Limited 
100%
Keppel Singmarine Pte Ltd
100%
Keppel LeTourneau 
100%
Keppel Nantong Shipyard 
Company Limited 
China
100%
Offshore Technology 
 
Development Pte Ltd
100%
Keppel Marine &  
Deepwater Technology Pte Ltd
100%
Keppel AmFELS LLC 
 
United States
100%
Keppel FELS Brasil SA  
Brasil
100%
Keppel Philippines Marine Inc 
The Philippines
98%
Keppel Subic Shipyard Inc 
The Philippines
86%
Dyna-Mac Holdings Limited4
24%
Property
• Property development
• Investments
KEPPEL LAND LIMITED
100%
Keppel Land 
International Limited  
Southeast Asia and India
100%
Keppel Land China
China
100%
Keppel Bay Pte Ltd
100%
Keppel REIT3 & 4
47%
GROUP CORPORATE SERVICES
Control & Accounts
Human Resources
Tax
Corporate Communications
Legal
Treasury
Strategy & Development
Risk & Compliance
Information Systems
Corporate Development
Audit
Health, Safety & Environment
SINO-SINGAPORE TIANJIN ECO-CITY INVESTMENT AND DEVELOPMENT CO., LTD1
China 
50%
Group Structure
Performance Review
70   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 66--------------------------------------------------

Corporate Governance
Governance
The Board and management of 
Keppel Corporation Limited (“KCL”, or the 
“Company”) firmly believe that a genuine 
commitment to good corporate governance 
is essential to the sustainability of the 
Company’s businesses and performance, 
and are pleased to confirm that the Company 
has adhered to the principles and guidelines 
of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 
(the “2012 CG Code”). In describing corporate 
governance practices, the Company also 
took guidance from the Code of Corporate 
Governance 2018 (the “2018 CG Code”)1 
and accompanying Practice Guidance.
Board’s Conduct of Affairs
Principle 1:
Effective board to lead and control 
the Company
Principle 3:
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer should 
in principle be separate persons to ensure 
appropriate balance of power, increased 
accountability and greater capacity of the 
board for independent decision making
Governance Framework: KCL’s governance
structure is as follows:
Dr Lee Boon Yang is the non-executive and 
independent Chairman of the Company. 
Mr Loh Chin Hua is the Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO) of the Company. 
The Chairman, with the assistance of the 
Company Secretaries, schedules meetings 
and prepares meeting agenda to enable 
the Board to perform its duties responsibly 
having regard to the flow of the Company’s 
operations. He sets guidelines on and 
monitors the flow of information from 
management to the Board to ensure that 
all material information is provided in a 
timely manner to the Board for the Board to 
make good decisions. He also encourages 
constructive relations between the Board and 
management, and between the executive 
and non-executive directors. At board 
meetings, the Chairman encourages a full 
and frank exchange of views, drawing out 
contributions from all directors so that the 
debate benefits from the full diversity 
of views, in a robust yet collegiate setting. 
At annual general meetings and other 
shareholders’ meetings, the Chairman 
ensures constructive dialogue between 
shareholders, the Board and management. 
The Chairman sets the right ethical and 
behavioural tone and takes a leading role in 
the Company’s drive to achieve and maintain 
a high standard of corporate governance 
with the full support of the directors, 
Company Secretaries and management.
To assist the Board in the discharge of 
its oversight function, various board 
committees, namely the Audit, Board Risk, 
Nominating, Remuneration, and Board 
Safety Committees, have been constituted 
with clear written terms of reference. All 
the board committees are actively engaged 
and play an important role in ensuring good 
corporate governance in the Company and 
within the Group. The responsibilities and 
authority of the board committees are set 
out in their respective terms of reference, 
which were revised in January 2019 for 
alignment with the 2018 CG Code 
(see Appendix 1 for details).
The CEO, assisted by the management team, 
makes strategic proposals to the Board 
and after robust and constructive board 
discussion, executes the agreed strategy, 
manages and develops the Group’s 
businesses and implements the Board’s 
decisions. He is supported by management 
committees that direct and guide management 
on operational policies and activities, 
which includes:
(1) Investments & Major Projects Action 
Committee (IMPAC), which guides the 
Group to exercise the spirit of enterprise 
as well as prudence to earn optimal 
risk-adjusted returns on invested 
capital for its chosen lines of business, 
taking into consideration the risks,  
in a controlled manner; 
(2) Management Development Committee 
(MDC), which nominates candidates 
as nominee directors to the boards of 
each unlisted company or entity that 
the Company is invested in (“Investee 
Company”) so as to safeguard the 
Company’s investment. In respect of 
Investee Companies that are (a) listed 
on a stock exchange, (b) managers 
or trustee managers of any collective 
investment schemes, business trusts 
or any other trusts which are listed on a 
stock exchange, or (c) parent companies 
of the Company’s core businesses, 
the Committee will recommend the 
candidates for the approval of the 
Nominating Committee. The MDC also 
provides inputs, guidance and direction 
on operational policies and human 
resources/organisational matters; 
Group Regulatory 
Compliance  
Working Team
Central Finance 
Committee
Board Safety 
Committee
IMPAC
IT Steering  
Committee
Group  
Sustainability  
Steering Committee
Management 
Development 
Committee 
Group Regulatory 
Compliance 
Management 
Committee
Management 
Committees
CHAIRMAN
BOARD
CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER
Board Risk  
Committee
Audit  
Committee
Internal  
Audit
Nominating 
Committee
Remuneration 
Committee
Corporate  
Functions
Governance Framework 2018
1 The 2018 CG Code was issued on 6 August 2018 
by the Monetary Authority of Singapore to replace 
the 2012 CG Code and will apply to annual reports 
covering financial years commencing from 
1 January 2019 onwards.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   71
--------------------------------------------------Page 67--------------------------------------------------

(3) Central Finance Committee, which 
reviews, guides and monitors financial 
policies and activities of 
Group companies;
(4) Group Regulatory Compliance 
Management Committee (Group RCMC), 
which articulates the Group’s commitment 
to regulatory compliance, directs 
and supports the development of 
over-arching compliance policies 
an guidelines, and facilitates the 
implementation and sharing of policies 
and procedures across the Group;
(5) Group Regulatory Compliance Working 
Team (Group RCWT), which supports 
the Group RCMC and oversees the 
development and review of over-arching 
compliance policies and guidelines for 
the Group, as well as reviews training 
and communication programmes2;
(6) Keppel IT Steering Committee, which 
provides strategic information 
technology (IT) leadership and ensures 
IT strategy alignment in achieving 
business strategies; and
(7) Group Sustainability Steering Committee, 
which sets sustainability strategy and 
leads performance in key focus areas.
Board Matters
Role: The principal functions of the Board
are to:
• 
provide entrepreneurial leadership and 
decide on matters in relation to the 
Group activities which are of a significant 
nature, including decisions on strategic 
directions and guidelines and the 
approval of periodic plans and 
major investments and divestments;
• 
oversee the business and affairs of the 
Company, establish, with management, 
the strategies and financial objectives 
to be implemented by management 
(including appropriate focus on value 
creation, innovation and sustainability), 
monitor the performance of management 
and ensure that the Company has 
necessary resources to meet its 
strategic objectives;
• 
set the Company’s values, standards 
(including ethical standards), appropriate 
tone-from-the-top and desired 
organisational culture, and put in place 
policies, structures and mechanism to 
ensure such values, standards and 
culture are complied with;
• 
hold management accountable for 
performance and ensure proper 
accountability within the Group;
• 
oversee processes for evaluating 
the adequacy and effectiveness of 
internal controls, risk management, 
financial reporting and compliance, 
and satisfy itself as to the adequacy 
and effectiveness of such processes; 
• 
be responsible for the governance of risk 
and ensure that management maintains 
a sound system of risk management 
and internal controls, to safeguard 
the interests of the Company and its 
stakeholders; and
• 
assume responsibility for corporate 
governance and ensure transparency 
and accountability to key 
stakeholder groups.
Board Strategic Review: The Board 
periodically reviews and approves the 
Group’s strategic plans. In FY 2014, the 
Board approved the Group’s Vision 20202  
which sets out the vision, operating principles 
and values of the Group, and the roadmap3 
to take the Group’s businesses into 2020 
and beyond to achieve faster growth, 
build a stronger Keppel that fully captures 
the significant synergies within and among 
its Group companies, and fully develop the 
potential of its people.
Review Process: A process is in place 
to support the Board in reviewing and 
monitoring the Group’s strategic plans, 
including providing directors with the 
necessary context and opportunity to 
undertake effective and robust deliberation 
and debate. In this regard, a two-day off-site 
board strategy meeting is organised annually 
for in-depth discussion on strategic issues 
and direction of the Group. This is followed 
by an update of each business unit’s 
strategic plans for alignment with the 
Group’s strategy. To support the Board’s 
oversight of the implementation of the 
strategic plans, one business unit is invited 
to each quarterly Board meeting to present 
on its plans and current challenges and 
provide the Board an opportunity to perform 
an in-depth review into each of the Group’s 
core businesses.
Independent Judgement: All directors are 
expected to exercise independent judgement 
in the best interests of the Company. This is 
one of the performance criteria for the peer 
and self-assessment on the effectiveness of 
the individual directors. Based on the results 
of the peer and self-assessment carried out 
by the directors for FY 2018, all directors 
have discharged this duty consistently well.
Conflicts of Interest: Every director is required 
to promptly disclose any conflict of interest, 
whether direct or indirect, in relation to a 
transaction or proposed transaction with the 
Company as soon as is practicable after the 
relevant facts have come to his/her knowledge. 
On an annual basis, each director is also 
required to submit details of his/her associates 
for the purpose of monitoring interested 
persons transactions. Directors facing 
conflicts of interest recuse themselves when 
the conflict-related matter is discussed, 
unless the Board is of the opinion that his/ 
her presence and participation is necessary 
to enhance the efficacy of such discussion, 
and abstain from voting in relation to 
conflict-related matters. In January 2019, 
the Board had, on the recommendation of 
the Nominating Committee (“NC”), approved 
and adopted the “Keppel Group – Directors’ 
Conflict of Interest Policy” to help inform 
Keppel directors about the general principles 
relating to conflicts of interest, as well as to 
guide directors in identifying, disclosing and 
managing conflict situations. The policy 
further serves to emphasise the Keppel 
Group’s commitment to ethics and compliance 
with the law, for the protection of the 
Company’s interest and the promotion of 
transparency for the benefit of shareholders.
Meetings: The Board meets six times a year 
and as warranted by particular circumstances. 
Board meetings are scheduled and circulated 
to the directors prior to the start of the 
financial year to allow directors to plan ahead 
to attend such meetings, so as to maximise 
participation. Telephonic attendance and 
conference via audio-visual communication 
at board meetings are allowed under the 
Company’s constitution. Further, the 
non-executive directors meet without the 
presence of management from time to 
time and on a need basis, and any relevant 
feedback would be shared and discussed 
with the executive director. The number of 
board and board committee meetings held 
Governance 
Corporate Governance
2 With effect from FY 2014, and following a review and update in 2017, the vision of the Company is to be a global company at the forefront of its chosen industries, shaping 
the future for the benefit of all its stakeholders – Sustaining Growth, Empowering Lives and Nurturing Communities. Guided by our operating principles and core values, 
the Company’s mission is to deliver solutions for sustainable urbanisation profitably, safely and responsibly.
3 This roadmap includes four broad areas for sustainable growth: (1) Business: Setting the overarching strategies, targets, and key actions to be undertaken by the business 
units; (2) People: Building a robust succession pipeline and continued strong employee satisfaction; (3) Process: Pursuing excellence in safety, productivity and innovation; 
and (4) Corporate Citizenry: Formalising and further organising community outreach efforts to positively impact communities in which the Group operates.
72   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 68--------------------------------------------------

Board and Committee Meetings and Attendance
Board Committee Meetings
Board Meetings
Audit
Nomination
Remuneration
Safety
Risk
Lee Boon Yang
11
–
3
4
4
–
Loh Chin Hua
11
–
–
–
4
–
Tow Heng Tan
8
–
3
2
–
4
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai
9
5
1
–
–
–
Tan Ek Kia
9
5
–
–
4
4
Danny Teoh
10
5
–
4
–
4
Tan Puay Chiang1
10
–
3
–
4
4
Till Vestring
11
–
3
4
–
–
Veronica Eng
11
5
–
–
–
4
Jean-François Manzoni2
3 out of 3
–
–
–
–
–
No. of Meetings Held
11
5
3
4
4
4
Notes:
1 Mr Tan Puay Chiang ceased to be a member of the Board Risk Committee with effect from 2 January 2019.
2 Prof Jean-François Manzoni was appointed to the Board as a non-executive and independent director with effect from 1 October 2018, and was appointed as a member of the 
Board Risk Committee on 2 January 2019.
in FY 2018, as well as the attendance of 
each Board member at these meetings, 
are disclosed in the table below.
If a director were unable to attend a board 
or board committee meeting, he/she would 
still receive all the papers and materials for 
discussion at that meeting. He/she would 
review them and advise the Chairman or 
board committee chairman of his/her 
views and comments on the matters to be 
discussed so that they may be conveyed to 
other members at the meeting.
Internal Limits of Authority: The Company 
has adopted internal guidelines setting forth 
matters that require board approval. Under 
these guidelines, all transactions exceeding 
$150 million by any Group company (not 
separately listed) require the approval of the 
Board. For transactions between $30 million 
and $150 million, IMPAC will determine if 
Board approval is required, depending on 
the individual considerations for each case. 
Each Board member has equal responsibility 
to oversee the business and affairs of the 
Company. Management on the other hand is 
responsible for the day-to-day operation and 
administration of the Company in accordance 
with the policies and strategy set by the Board.
Director Orientation: A formal letter is sent 
to newly-appointed directors upon their 
appointment explaining their roles, duties, 
obligations and responsibilities as a board 
director. All newly-appointed directors 
receive a director tool-kit and undergo a 
comprehensive orientation programme 
which includes site visits and management 
presentations on the Group’s businesses, 
strategic plans and objectives.   
Training: The directors are provided with 
continuing education in areas such as 
directors’ duties and responsibilities, 
corporate governance, changes in financial 
reporting standards, changes in the 
Companies Act, continuing listing obligations 
and industry-related matters, so as to update 
and refresh them on matters that may affect 
or enhance their performance as board or 
board committee members. A training 
programme is also in place for directors 
in areas such as accounting, finance, risk 
governance and management, the roles 
and responsibilities of a director of a listed 
company and industry specific matters. 
In FY 2018, some KCL directors attended 
talks on topics relating to corporate 
governance and ethics (including case 
studies), cybersecurity governance, health 
safety and environment (HSE) performance, 
and macroeconomic trends. Sites visits are 
also conducted periodically for directors 
to familiarise them with the operations of 
the various businesses so as to enhance 
their performance as board or board 
committee members. 
Board Composition and  
Succession Planning 
Principle 2:
Strong and independent element on the Board
Board Composition and Succession 
Planning: To discharge its oversight 
responsibilities, the Board must be an 
effective board which can lead and control 
the business of the Group. There is a process 
of refreshing the Board progressively over 
time so that the experience of longer serving 
directors can be drawn upon while tapping 
into the new external perspectives and 
insights which more recent appointees bring 
to the Board’s deliberation. Please refer to 
page 75 of this report for details on the process. 
Board Independence: The NC determines 
on an annual basis whether or not a director 
is independent. In January 2019, the NC 
carried out the review on the independence 
of each non-executive director based on 
the respective directors’ self-declaration in 
the Directors’ Independence Checklist and 
their actual performance on the Board and 
board committees, taking into account 
the recent amendments to listing rules 
on the circumstances in which a director 
will not be deemed independent and 
guidance in the 2018 CG Code as to the 
circumstances in which a director should 
not be deemed independent. 
In this connection, the NC (save for Mr Alvin Yeo 
who abstained from deliberation in this matter) 
noted that Mr Alvin Yeo is Senior Partner of 
WongPartnership LLP, which is one of the 
law firms providing legal services to the 
Group. Mr Yeo had declared to the NC that 
although he is a partner with a 5% or more 
stake in WongPartnership LLP, he did not 
involve himself in the selection and 
appointment of legal advisers for the Group, 
and that he supported the selection of legal 
advisers based on assessment of quality, 
and for their remuneration to be based on 
market rate. In addition, the NC noted that 
Keppel Infrastructure (KI) management had, 
of their own accord, appointed Mr Yeo as 
lead counsel to represent KI in its arbitration 
proceedings with the State of Qatar in relation 
to the Doha South Waste Management 
Centre project, based on merit and taking 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   73
--------------------------------------------------Page 69--------------------------------------------------

into consideration the complexity of the 
matter. Taking these factors into consideration 
together with Mr Yeo’s comments, along 
with his active participation and actual 
performance on the Board and board 
committees in the discharge of his duties, 
his valuable contributions to the Board 
and board committees, and the outcome 
of the recent self and peer Individual 
Director Performance assessment, the NC 
unanimously agreed that Mr Yeo has at 
all times exercised independent judgement 
in the best interests of the Company in the 
discharge of his director’s duties and 
should therefore continue to be deemed 
an independent director.
The NC also noted that Mr Tan Ek Kia is a 
non-executive and independent director 
on the board of TransOcean Ltd which has 
business dealings with the Keppel Offshore & 
Marine Group, and he is also the independent 
non-executive chairman of KrisEnergy Ltd 
which has an interest person transaction 
(“IPT”) framework agreement with the 
Company and its subsidiaries. Mr Tan had 
declared to the NC that (i) he was not involved 
in the negotiation of contracts or business 
dealings between TransOcean with the 
Keppel Offshore & Marine Group, and (ii) the 
IPT framework agreement with KrisEnergy is 
renewed annually by a vote of the independent 
shareholders of KrisEnergy and he abstains 
from making any recommendations to the 
board and shareholders of KrisEnergy and 
from voting in respect of such agreement. 
The NC also took into account Mr Tan’s 
active participation and actual performance 
on the Board and board committees, his 
valuable contributions to the Board and 
board committees and the outcome of the 
recent self and peer Individual Director 
Performance assessment, and unanimously 
agreed that Mr Tan has at all times exercised 
independent judgement in the best interests 
of the Company in the discharge of his 
director’s duties and should therefore continue 
to be deemed an independent director.
 
Further, a director who is directly associated 
with a 5% shareholder is deemed as non 
independent under the 2018 CG Code. 
Mr Tow Heng Tan is the CEO of Pavilion 
Capital International Pte Ltd, a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Temasek Holdings (Private) 
Limited (“Temasek”). As Mr Tow is currently 
employed by a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Temasek, the NC (save for Mr Tow  
who abstained from deliberation in this 
matter) continued to deem Mr Tow as a 
non-independent and non-executive director.
The NC further noted that Dr Lee Boon Yang 
and Mr Alvin Yeo have both served beyond 
nine years since their respective first 
appointments. The 2012 CG Code states 
that the independence of any director who 
has served on the Board beyond nine years 
from the date of his/her first appointment 
should be subject to particularly rigorous review. 
In relation to Dr Lee, taking into consideration, 
among other things, his active participation 
and actual performance on the Board and 
board committees in the discharge of his 
duties, his valuable contributions to the 
board and board committees and leadership 
as Chairman, and the outcome of the recent 
self and peer Individual Director Performance 
assessment, the NC agreed unanimously that 
Dr Lee has at all times exercised independent 
judgement in the best interests of the 
Company in the discharge of his director’s 
duties and should therefore continue to be 
deemed an Independent Director. In relation 
to Mr Alvin Yeo, please see above the NC’s 
reasons for considering him independent. 
Following the review, the NC was of the 
view that Dr Lee Boon Yang, Mr Alvin Yeo, 
Mr Tan Ek Kia, Mr Danny Teoh, Mr Tan Puay 
Chiang, Mr Till Vestring, Ms Veronica Eng 
and Prof Jean-François Manzoni should be 
deemed independent. The Board has reviewed 
the basis of the NC’s recommendations, and 
concurred with the assessment of independence 
in respect of the above-mentioned directors. 
In view of the above, the Board currently 
comprises majority independent directors, 
with a total of 10 directors of whom eight 
are independent. 
Lead Independent Director: The NC has 
deliberated and decided that it was not 
necessary to appoint a Lead Independent 
Director given the majority independence 
of the Board and that the Chairman was 
independent. Further, matters affecting 
the Chairman such as succession and 
remuneration were deliberated by the 
board committees where the majority of 
the members (including the Chairman) 
were independent directors, and where the 
Chairman was conflicted, he would recuse 
himself and abstain from voting. 
Board Size: The Board, in concurrence 
with the NC, was of the view that, taking 
into account the nature and scope of the 
operations of the Company, the requirements 
of the Company’s businesses and the need 
to avoid undue disruptions from changes to 
the composition of the Board and board 
committees, the Board should consist of 
approximately 10 to 12 members, which 
would facilitate effective decision making. 
No individual or small group of individuals 
dominate the Board’s decision making. 
The nature of the directors’ appointments on 
the Board and details of their membership on 
board committees are set out on page 90 herein.
Board Diversity: The NC is satisfied that 
the Board and the board committees 
comprise directors who, as a group, provide 
an appropriate balance and mix of skills, 
knowledge, experience, and other aspects 
of diversity such as gender and age. The NC 
is also satisfied that the directors, as a group, 
possess core competencies including 
accounting or finance, business or management 
experience, human resource, risk management, 
technology, mergers and acquisitions, legal, 
international perspective, industry knowledge, 
strategic planning experience and customer-
based experience or knowledge, required for 
the Board and the board committees to be 
effective. In this respect, the NC recognises 
the merits of gender diversity in relation to 
the composition of the Board and, in identifying 
suitable candidates for new appointment 
to the Board, would ensure that female 
candidates are included for consideration. 
Having said that, gender is but one aspect of 
diversity and, while due consideration would 
be given to the benefits of diversity, new 
directors will continue to be selected on merits 
based on objective criteria set as part of the 
“Process for appointment of new directors 
and Board succession planning” (detailed on 
the next page). In FY 2018, there was one 
female director out of a total of 10 directors.  
Taking into account the independence and 
diversity of the Board, the NC is of the view 
that the Board has an appropriate level of 
independence and diversity of thought and 
background in its composition to enable it 
to make decisions in the best interests of 
the Company.
Board Information: The Board and 
management fully appreciate that 
fundamental to good corporate governance 
is an effective and robust Board whose 
members engage in open and constructive 
debate and challenge management on its 
assumptions and proposals, and that for 
this to happen, the Board, in particular, the 
non-executive directors, must be kept well 
informed of the Company’s business and 
affairs and be knowledgeable about the 
industry in which the businesses operate. 
Governance 
Corporate Governance
74   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 70--------------------------------------------------

The Company has therefore adopted initiatives 
to put in place processes to ensure that the 
non-executive directors are well supported 
by accurate, complete and timely information, 
have unrestricted access to management, 
and have sufficient time and resources to 
discharge their oversight function effectively. 
These initiatives include regular informal 
meetings for management to brief the 
directors on prospective deals and potential 
developments at an early stage before 
formal board approval is sought, and the 
circulation of relevant information on 
business initiatives, industry developments 
and analyst and press commentaries on 
matters in relation to the Company or the 
industries in which it operates. The Board 
also reviews the budget on an annual basis, 
and any material variance between the 
projections and actual results would be 
disclosed and explained. A two-day off-site 
board strategy meeting is organised annually 
for in-depth discussion on strategic issues 
and direction of the Group, to give the 
non-executive directors a better understanding 
of the Group and its businesses, and to provide 
an opportunity for the non-executive directors 
to familiarise themselves with the management 
team so as to facilitate the Board’s review 
of the Group’s succession planning and 
leadership development programme. Directors 
are also entitled to request from management, 
and would be provided with, such additional 
information as may be needed from time to 
time in order to make informed decisions.
Non-executive Directors’ Meetings: 
The non-executive directors meet on a 
need-be basis at the end of each scheduled 
quarterly meeting without the presence of 
management to discuss matters such as 
board processes, corporate governance 
initiatives, matters which they wish to 
discuss during the board off-site strategy 
meeting, succession planning and leadership 
development, and performance management 
and remuneration matters.  
Board Membership
Principle 4:
Formal and transparent process for the 
appointment and re-appointment of directors 
to the Board
Nominating Committee
The Company has established the NC to, 
among other things, make recommendations 
to the Board on all board appointments and 
oversee the Board and senior management’s 
succession and leadership development plans. 
The NC comprises entirely non-executive 
directors, four out of five of whom (including 
the Chairman) are independent, namely:
•  
Mr Tan Puay Chiang 
Independent Chairman
•  
Dr Lee Boon Yang  
Independent Member
•  
Mr Tow Heng Tan  
Non-Executive and  
Non-Independent Member
•  
Mr Alvin Yeo  
Independent Member 
•  
Mr Till Vestring, 
Independent Member 
The responsibilities of the NC are set out on 
pages 89 and 90 herein.
Process for appointment of new directors 
and Board succession planning 
The NC is responsible for reviewing the 
succession plans for the Board. In this regard, 
it has put in place a formal process for the 
renewal of the Board and the selection of new 
directors. The NC leads the process and makes 
recommendations to the Board as follows:
(a) NC reviews annually the balance and 
mix of skills, knowledge, experience, and 
other aspects of diversity such as gender 
and age, and the size of the Board which 
would facilitate decision-making. In this 
review, the NC will also take into account 
the needs of the Group, the collective 
skills and competencies of the Board 
and service tenure spread of the directors. 
In the year under review (FY 2018), for 
purposes of Board succession planning, 
the NC also took into consideration the 
2018 CG Code and the amendments to the 
SGX Listing Rules relating to the continued 
appointment as “independent directors” of 
a director who has served for an aggregate 
period of more than nine years, bearing 
in mind that these rules would come into 
effect from 1 January 2022.
(b) In the light of such review and in 
consultation with management, the 
NC assesses if there is any inadequate 
representation in respect of any of those 
attributes and if so, determines the role 
and the desirable competencies for a 
particular appointment. 
(c) External help (for example, Singapore 
Institute of Directors and search 
consultants) may be used to source 
for potential candidates if need be. 
Directors and management may also 
make recommendations.
(d) NC meets with the short-listed candidate(s) 
to assess suitability and to ensure that 
the candidate(s) is/are aware of the 
expectations and the level of 
commitment required.
(e) NC makes recommendations to the 
Board for approval.
The Board believes that orderly succession 
and renewal is achieved as a result of careful 
planning, where the appropriate composition 
of the Board is continually under review. 
Criteria for Appointment of New Directors
All new appointments are subject to the 
recommendation of the NC based on the 
following objective criteria:
(1) Integrity
(2) Independent mindedness
(3) Diversity – Possess core competencies 
that meet the needs of the Company and 
complement the skills and competencies 
of the existing directors on the Board
(4) Able to commit time and effort to carry 
out duties and responsibilities effectively 
(5) Track record of making good decisions
(6) Experience in high-performing companies
(7) Financially literate
Pursuant to the above appointment 
process and criteria, the Board will be 
recommending at the upcoming annual 
general meeting the re-election of a new 
director, Prof Jean-François Manzoni, who 
was appointed as an independent director 
on 1 October 2018. 
Prof Manzoni is currently the President 
(Dean) and Nestlé Professor at the 
International Institute for Management 
Development (IMD) in Switzerland, 
where he is based. Prior to re-joining 
IMD in 2016, he had served at INSEAD’s 
Singapore campus where he co-directed 
the International Directors Program. 
He was also on the faculty of INSEAD 
(Fontainebleau), where he founded and 
directed the PwC Research Initiative 
on High Performance Organisations. 
Prof Manzoni is the recipient of several 
awards for excellence in research and 
teaching, and has been involved in 
consulting, top management team 
support and leadership development 
with several international organisations, 
spanning more than 30 countries over 
the years. Prof Manzoni is a member 
of the International Advisory Panels 
of Digital Switzerland, Singapore’s 
Public Service Division and the Russian 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   75
--------------------------------------------------Page 71--------------------------------------------------

Presidential Academy of National Economy 
and Public Singapore Institute of Directors, 
and served on the Board of Singapore’s 
Civil Service College from 2015 to 2017. 
Prof Manzoni also sits on the board of AACSB 
International, the world’s largest business 
education alliance. Please refer to Appendix 2 
on pages 93 and 94 herein for further details. 
Re-nomination of Directors
The NC is also charged with the responsibility 
of re-nomination having regard to the director’s 
contribution and performance (such as 
attendance, preparedness, participation and 
candour), with reference to the results of 
the assessment of the performance of 
the individual director by his/her peers.
The directors submit themselves for 
re-nomination and re-election at regular 
intervals of at least once every three years. 
Pursuant to the Company’s constitution, 
one-third of the directors retire from office 
at the Company’s annual general meeting, 
and a newly-appointed director must submit 
himself/herself for re-election at the annual 
general meeting immediately following his/her 
appointment. Please refer to Appendix 2 on 
pages 93 and 94 herein for further details.
Annual Review of Board 
Committees Composition
The NC reviews the composition of the 
board committees on an annual basis to 
ensure that they comprise members with 
the necessary qualifications and skills to 
discharge their responsibilities effectively.
Annual Review of Directors’ Independence
The NC is also charged with determining 
the “independence” status of the directors 
annually. Please refer to pages 73 and 74 
herein on the basis of the NC’s determination 
as to whether a director should or should not 
be deemed independent.
Annual Review of Directors’ 
Time Commitments
The NC determines annually whether a 
director with other listed company board 
representations and/or other principal 
commitments is able to and has been 
adequately carrying out his duties as a 
director of the Company. Instead of fixing 
a maximum number of listed company 
board representation and/or other principal 
commitments that a director may have, the 
NC assesses holistically whether a director 
is able to and has been adequately carrying 
out his/her duties as a director of the 
Company, taking into account the results of 
the assessment of the effectiveness of the 
individual director, the level of commitment 
required of the director’s other principal 
commitments, and the director’s actual 
conduct and participation on the Board and 
board committees, including availability and 
attendance at regular scheduled meetings 
and ad-hoc meetings. The NC is of the view 
that such an assessment is sufficiently 
robust to detect and address, on a timely 
basis, any time commitment issues that may 
hinder the effectiveness of the directors. 
In respect of FY 2018, the NC was of the 
view that each director has given sufficient 
time and attention to the affairs of the 
Company and has been able to discharge 
his/her duties as director effectively. 
The NC noted that based on the attendance 
of board and board committee meetings 
during the year, all the directors were able 
to participate in at least a substantial 
number of such meetings to carry out their 
duties. The NC also noted that, based on 
the Independent Co-ordinator’s Report on 
individual director assessment for FY 2018, 
all the directors performed well. The NC was 
therefore satisfied that in FY 2018, where 
a director had other listed company board 
representations and/or other principal 
commitments, the director was able and 
had been adequately carrying out his/her 
duties as director of the Company.
Nominee Director Policy
At the recommendation of the NC, the Board 
approved the adoption of the KCL Nominee 
Director Policy in January 2009. For the 
purposes of the policy, a “Nominee Director” 
is a person who, at the request of KCL, acts 
as director (whether executive or non-executive) 
on the board of another company or entity 
(“Investee Company”) to oversee and 
monitor the activities of the relevant 
Investee Company so as to safeguard 
KCL’s investment in the company.
The purpose of the policy is to highlight certain 
obligations of a person while acting in his/her 
capacity as a Nominee Director. The policy 
also sets out the internal process for the 
appointment and resignation of a Nominee 
Director. The policy would be reviewed and 
amended as required to take into account 
current best practices and changes in the 
law and stock exchange requirements.
Key Information Regarding Directors
The following key information regarding 
directors is set out in the following pages of 
this Annual Report:
Pages 22 to 25: Academic and professional 
qualifications, board committees served on 
(as a member or Chairman), date of first 
appointment as director, date of last 
re-election as director, directorships or 
chairmanships both present and past held 
over the preceding five years in other listed 
companies and other major appointments, 
whether appointment is executive or 
non-executive, whether considered by 
the NC to be independent; and
Pages 111 and 112: Shareholding in the 
Company and its subsidiaries.
Board Performance
Principle 5:
Formal assessment of the effectiveness of 
the Board and Board Committees and the 
contribution by each director to the 
effectiveness of the Board
The Board has implemented formal 
processes for assessing the effectiveness 
of the Board as a whole and its board 
committees, the contribution by each 
individual director to the effectiveness 
of the Board, as well as the effectiveness 
of the Chairman of the Board. 
Independent Co-ordinator: To ensure 
that the assessments are done promptly 
and fairly, the Board has appointed an 
independent third party (the “Independent 
Co-ordinator”) to assist in collating and 
analysing the returns of the board 
members. Mr Michael Lim, former Chairman, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers and Land Transport 
Authority, and currently Chairman of Nomura 
Singapore Limited, was appointed for this 
role. Mr Michael Lim does not have business 
relationships or any other connections with 
the Company or its directors which may 
affect his independent judgement.
Formal Process and Performance Criteria: 
The evaluation processes and performance 
criteria are disclosed in the Appendix 1 to 
this report.
Objectives and Benefits: The board 
assessment exercise provides an opportunity 
to obtain constructive feedback from each 
director on whether the Board’s procedures 
and processes allow him/her to discharge 
his/her duties effectively and the changes 
which should be made to enhance the 
effectiveness of the Board and/or board 
committees. The assessment exercise also 
helps the directors to focus on their key 
responsibilities. The individual director 
assessment exercise allows for peer 
review with a view to raising the quality 
of board members. It also assists the 
NC in determining whether to re-nominate 
directors who are due for retirement at 
the next annual general meeting, and in 
determining whether directors with multiple 
board representations are nevertheless able 
to and have adequately discharged their 
duties as directors of the Company.
Governance 
Corporate Governance
76   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 72--------------------------------------------------

Access to Information 
Principle 6:
Board members to have complete, adequate 
and timely information
As a general rule, board papers are required 
to be distributed to the directors at least 
seven days before the board meeting so 
that the members may better understand 
the matters prior to the board meeting and 
discussion may be focused on questions 
that the directors may have. Directors are 
provided with tablet devices to facilitate 
their access to and review of board 
materials. However, sensitive matters may 
be tabled at the meeting itself or discussed 
without any papers being distributed. 
Managers who can provide additional 
insights into the matters at hand would 
be present at the relevant time during the 
board meeting. The directors are also 
provided with the names and contact details 
of the Company’s senior management and 
the Company Secretaries to facilitate direct 
access to senior management and the 
Company Secretaries. 
The Company fully recognises that the 
flow of relevant information on an accurate 
and timely basis is critical for the Board 
to be effective in the discharge of its 
duties. Management is therefore expected 
to provide the Board with accurate 
information in a timely manner concerning 
the Company’s progress or shortcomings 
in meeting its strategic business objectives 
or financial targets and other information 
relevant to the strategic issues facing 
the Company.
Management also provides the Board 
members with management accounts 
on a monthly basis and as the Board may 
require from time to time. Such reports 
keep the Board informed, on a balanced 
and understandable basis, of the Group’s 
performance, financial position 
and prospects. 
The Company Secretaries administer, attend 
and prepare minutes of board proceedings. 
They assist the Chairman to ensure that 
board procedures (including but not limited 
to assisting the Chairman to ensure timely 
and good information flow to the Board 
and board committees, and between 
senior management and the non-executive 
directors, and facilitating orientation and 
assisting in the professional development 
of the directors) are followed and regularly 
reviewed to ensure effective functioning 
of the Board, and that the Company’s 
constitution and relevant rules and 
regulations, including requirements of 
the Companies Act, Securities & Futures 
Act and Listing Manual of the Singapore 
Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX”) 
are complied with. They also assist the 
Chairman and the Board to implement and 
strengthen corporate governance practices 
and processes with a view to enhancing 
long-term shareholder value. They are also 
the primary channel of communication 
between the Company and the SGX.
The appointment and removal of the 
Company Secretaries are subject to the 
approval of the Board.
Subject to the approval of the Chairman, 
the directors, whether as a group or 
individually, may seek and obtain 
independent professional advice to 
assist them in their duties, at the expense 
of the Company.
Remuneration Matters
Principle 7:
The procedure for developing policy on 
executive remuneration and for fixing 
remuneration packages of individual  
directors should be formal and transparent
Principle 8:
The level and structure of director fees are 
aligned with the long-term interest of the 
Company and appropriate to attract, retain 
and motivate directors to provide good 
stewardship of the Company
The level and structure of key management 
remuneration are aligned with the long-term 
interest and risk policies of the Company 
and appropriate to attract, retain and motivate 
key management to successfully manage 
the Company
Principle 9:
There should be clear disclosure of 
remuneration policy, level and mix of 
remuneration, and procedure for 
setting remuneration
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee (RC) 
comprises entirely non-executive directors, 
three out of four of whom (including the 
Chairman) are independent; namely:
•  
Mr Till Vestring  
Independent Chairman
•  
Dr Lee Boon Yang 
Independent Member
•  
Mr Danny Teoh 
Independent Member
•  
Mr Tow Heng Tan 
Non-Executive and  
Non-Independent Member
The RC is responsible for ensuring a formal 
and transparent procedure for developing 
policy on executive remuneration and for 
determining the remuneration packages of 
individual directors and senior management. 
The RC assists the Board to ensure that 
remuneration policies and practices are 
sound in that they are able to attract, retain 
and motivate without being excessive, 
and thereby maximise shareholder value. 
The RC recommends to the Board for 
endorsement a framework of remuneration 
(which covers all aspects of remuneration 
including directors’ fees, salaries, allowances, 
bonuses, share-based incentives and 
awards, benefits in kind and termination 
payments) and the specific remuneration 
packages for each director and the key 
management personnel. The RC also reviews 
the remuneration of senior management and 
administers the KCL Share Option Scheme 
in respect of the outstanding options granted 
prior to the termination of the KCL Share 
Option Scheme in 2010, the KCL Restricted 
Share Plan (the “KCL RSP”) and the KCL 
Performance Share Plan (the “KCL PSP”). 
In addition, the RC reviews the Company’s 
obligations arising in the event of termination 
of the executive directors’ and key management 
personnel’s contract of service, to ensure 
that such contracts of service contain fair 
and reasonable termination clauses which 
are not overly generous.
The RC has access to expert advice from 
external remuneration consultants where 
required. In FY 2018, the RC sought views 
on market practice and trends from external 
remuneration consultants, Aon Hewitt. The 
RC undertook a review of the independence 
and objectivity of the external remuneration 
consultants through discussions with the 
external remuneration consultants, and has 
confirmed that the external remuneration 
consultants had no relationships with the 
Company which would affect their 
independence and objectivity.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   77
--------------------------------------------------Page 73--------------------------------------------------

Annual Remuneration Report
Policy in respect of Non-Executive 
Directors’ Remuneration
Each non-executive director’s remuneration 
comprises a basic fee and an additional fee 
for services performed on board committees. 
The Chairman of each board committee is 
also paid a higher fee compared with the 
members of the respective committees in 
view of the greater responsibility carried by 
that office. The non-executive directors 
participated in additional ad-hoc meetings 
with management during the year and are not 
paid for attending such meetings. Executive 
directors are not paid directors’ fees. 
The directors’ fee structure, which remained 
unchanged from FY 2017, is set out in the 
table below.
Each of the non-executive directors 
(including the Chairman) will receive 70% 
of his/her total directors’ fees in cash 
(“Cash Component”) and 30% in the form 
of KCL shares (“Remuneration Shares”) 
(both amounts subject to adjustment as 
described below). The actual number of 
Remuneration Shares, to be purchased 
from the market on the first trading day 
immediately after the date of the Annual 
General Meeting (“Trading Day”) for delivery 
to the respective non-executive directors, 
will be based on the market price of the 
Company’s shares on the SGX on the Trading 
Day. The actual number of Remuneration 
Shares will be rounded down to the nearest 
thousand and any residual balance will be 
paid in cash. Such incorporation of an equity 
component in the total remuneration of 
the non-executive directors is intended to 
achieve the objective of aligning the interests 
of the non-executive directors with those of 
the shareholders’ and the long-term interests 
of the Company. The aggregate directors’ 
fees for non-executive directors is subject 
to shareholders’ approval at the Annual 
General Meeting. The Chairman and the 
non-executive directors will abstain from 
voting, and will procure their respective 
associates to abstain from voting in 
respect of this resolution.   
The RC is of the view that the remuneration 
of non-executive directors is appropriate 
to their level of contribution, taking into 
account factors such as effort, time spent 
and responsibilities.
Remuneration policy in respect of 
Executive Directors and other Key 
Management Personnel
The Company advocates a performance-
based remuneration system that is 
highly flexible and responsive to the 
market, Company’s, business unit’s 
and individual employee’s performance, 
and is aligned with shareholders’ interests.
In designing the remuneration structure, 
the RC seeks to ensure that the level 
and mix of remuneration is competitive, 
relevant and appropriate in finding a 
balance between current versus long-term 
remuneration, and between cash versus 
equity incentive remuneration. 
The total remuneration structure reflects 
the following four key objectives:
(a)  Shareholder Alignment: To incorporate 
performance measures that are 
aligned to shareholders’ interests
(b)  Long-term Orientation: To motivate 
employees to drive sustainable 
long-term growth
(c)  Simplicity: To ensure that the 
remuneration structure is easy to 
understand and communicate 
to stakeholders 
(d)  Synergy: To facilitate talent mobility 
and enhance collaboration 
across businesses
The total remuneration structure comprises 
three components; that is, annual fixed 
cash, annual performance bonus, and the 
KCL Share Plans. The annual fixed cash 
component comprises the annual basic 
salary plus any other fixed allowances, 
which the Company benchmarks with 
the relevant industry market median. 
The size of the Company’s annual 
performance bonus pot is determined 
by the Group’s financial and non-financial 
performance, and is distributed to employees 
based on their individual performance. 
The KCL Share Plans are in the form of 
two share plans approved by shareholders, 
the KCL RSP and the KCL PSP. A portion 
of the annual performance bonus is granted 
in the form of deferred shares that are 
awarded under the KCL RSP. The KCL PSP 
comprises performance targets determined 
on an annual basis. The KCL RSP and KCL 
PSP are long-term incentive plans which vest 
over a longer term horizon. Executives who 
have a greater ability to influence Group 
outcomes have a greater proportion of their 
overall remuneration at risk. 
 
The RC exercises broad discretion 
and independent judgement in ensuring 
that the amount and mix of remuneration 
Governance 
Corporate Governance
Directors’ Fee Structure
Basic Fee (per annum)
Board Chairman
$750,000 (all-in)
Board Member
$108,000
Additional Fees for Membership in  
Board Committees (per annum)
Chairman
Member
Audit Committee
$67,000 
$36,000 
Board Risk Committee
$67,000 
$36,000 
Remuneration Committee
$47,000 
$31,000 
Board Safety Committee
$47,000 
$31,000 
Nominating Committee
$40,000 
$24,000 
78   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 74--------------------------------------------------

is aligned with the interests of shareholders 
and promotes the long-term success of 
the Company. The mix of fixed and variable 
reward is considered appropriate for the 
Group and for each individual role. 
The remuneration structure is directly linked 
to corporate and individual performance, 
both in terms of financial and non-financial 
performance. This link is achieved in the 
following ways:
(a) by placing a significant portion of 
executives’ remuneration at risk 
(“At Risk component”) and subject to 
a vesting schedule; 
(b) by incorporating appropriate key 
performance indicators (“KPIs”) for 
awarding of annual performance bonus:
(i) There are four scorecard areas that 
the Company has identified as key to 
measuring the performance of the 
Group – (i) Financial and Business 
Drivers; (ii) Process; (iii) Stakeholders; 
and (iv) People. Some of the key 
sub-targets within each of the 
scorecard areas include key 
financial indicators, safety goals, 
risk management, compliance and 
controls measures, corporate social 
responsibilities activities, employee 
engagement, talent development 
and succession planning;
(ii) The four scorecard areas have been 
chosen because they support how 
the Group achieves its strategic 
objectives. The framework provides 
a link for staff to understand how 
they contribute to each area of the 
scorecard, and therefore to the 
Company’s overall strategic goals. 
This is designed to achieve a 
consistent approach and 
understanding across the Group. 
The Remuneration Committee 
reviews and approves the 
scorecard annually;
(c) by selecting performance conditions 
for the KCL PSP awards, such as 
Total Shareholder Return, Return on 
Capital Employed and Net Profit that 
are aligned with shareholder interests; 
(d) by requiring those KPIs or conditions 
to be met in order for the At Risk 
components of remuneration to be 
awarded or to vest; and
(e) by forfeiting the At Risk components 
of remuneration when those KPIs 
or conditions are not met at a 
satisfactory level.
The RC also recognises the need for a 
reasonable alignment between risk and 
remuneration to discourage excessive 
risk taking. Therefore, in determining the 
remuneration structure, the RC had taken into 
account the risk policies and risk tolerance of 
the Group as well as the time horizon of risks, 
and incorporated risk-adjustments into the 
remuneration structure through several 
initiatives, including but not limited to:
(a) prudent funding of annual 
performance bonus; 
(b) granting a portion of the annual 
performance bonus in the form of 
deferred shares, to be awarded under 
the KCL RSP;
(c) vesting of contingent share awards 
under the KCL PSP being subject to KPIs 
and/or performance conditions being met; 
(d) potential forfeiture of variable incentives 
in any year due to misconduct; and
(e) requiring the executive director and 
key management personnel to hold a 
minimum number of shares under the 
share ownership guideline.
The RC is of the view that the overall level of 
remuneration is not considered to be at a 
level which is likely to promote behaviours 
contrary to the Group’s risk profile.
In determining the actual quantum of 
variable component of remuneration, the RC 
had taken into account the extent to which 
the performance conditions, set forth above, 
have been met. The RC is therefore of 
the view that remuneration is aligned to 
performance during FY 2018.
In order to align the interests of the executive 
director and key management personnel with 
that of shareholders, the executive director 
and key management personnel are 
remunerated partially in the form of shares 
in the Company and are encouraged to 
hold such shares while they remain in the 
employment of the Company. They are also 
required to hold a minimum number of 
shares under the share ownership guideline 
which requires them to maintain a beneficial 
ownership stake in the Company, thus further 
aligning their interests with shareholders.
The directors, the CEO and the key management 
personnel (who are not directors or the CEO) 
are remunerated on an earned basis and 
there are no termination, retirement and 
post-employment benefits that are granted 
over and above what has been disclosed.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   79
--------------------------------------------------Page 75--------------------------------------------------

Long-term Incentive Plans
KCL Share Plans
The KCL Share Plans are put in place to 
reward, retain and motivate employees to 
achieve superior performance and to 
motivate them to continue to strive for 
long-term shareholder value. The KCL Share 
Plans also aim to strengthen the Group’s 
competitiveness in attracting and retaining 
talented key senior management and 
employees. The KCL RSP applies to a 
broader base of employees while the 
KCL PSP applies to a selected group of 
key management personnel. The range of 
performance targets to be set under the 
KCL PSP emphasise stretched or 
strategic targets aimed at sustaining 
longer-term growth. 
The RC has the discretion not to award 
variable incentives in any year if an 
executive is directly involved in a material 
restatement of financial statements, in 
misconduct resulting in restatement of 
financial statements, or in misconduct 
resulting in financial loss to the Company. 
Outstanding performance bonuses, 
KCL RSP and KCL PSP are also subject 
to RC’s discretion before further payment 
or vesting can occur.
Details of the KCL Share Plans are set out in 
pages 113 to 115 and 149 to 151.
Level and mix of remuneration of Directors 
and Key Management Personnel (who are 
not also Directors or the CEO) for the year 
ended 31 December 2018
The level and mix of each of the directors’ 
remuneration are set out below.
Remuneration of employees who are 
immediate family members of a Director 
or the CEO
No employee of the Company and its 
subsidiaries was an immediate family 
member of a director or the CEO and whose 
remuneration exceeded $50,000 during the 
financial year ended 31 December 2018. 
“Immediate family member” means the 
spouse, child, adopted child, step-child, 
brother, sister and parent.
Governance 
Corporate Governance
Base/Fixed
Salary
($)
Performance-Related
Cash Bonuses Earned1
($)
Directors’ Total Fees2
($)
Benefits- 
in-Kind
($)
Contingent
awards of shares3
($)
Total
Remuneration
($)
Cash
component4
Shares
component4
PSP
RSP
Remuneration &
Name of Director
Loh Chin Hua
1,229,360
1,855,450
–
–
n.m.5
2,108,800
1,532,434
6,726,0446
Lee Boon Yang
–
–
525,000
225,000
–
–
–
750,000
Tow Heng Tan
–
–
139,300
59,700
–
–
–
199,000
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai
–
–
117,600
50,400
–
–
–
168,000
Tan Ek Kia
–
–
158,900
68,100
–
–
–
227,000
Danny Teoh
–
–
169,400
72,600
–
–
–
242,000
Tan Puay Chiang
–
–
150,500
64,500
–
–
–
215,000
Till Vestring
–
–
125,300
53,700
–
–
–
179,000
Veronica Eng
–
–
147,700
63,300
–
–
–
211,000
Jean-François Manzoni
–
–
19,055
8,167
–
–
–
27,222
Notes:
1 
The RC is satisfied that the quantum of performance-related cash bonuses earned by the executive director was fair and appropriate taking into account the extent to which 
his KPIs for FY 2018 were met.
2 
Based on the non-executive directors’ fee structure set out in Table 2, the total fees amount to $2,218,222. The directors’ total fees are subject to shareholders’ approval at the 
Company’s Annual General Meeting. 
3 
Shares awarded under the KCL PSP are subject to pre-determined performance targets over a three-year performance period. As at 30 April 2018, being the grant date for the 
contingent awards under the KCL PSP, the estimated value of each share was $6.59. As at 15 February 2019, being the grant date for the contingent deferred shares award 
under the KCL RSP, the estimated value of each share was $5.84. For the KCL PSP, the figures are based on the value of the PSP shares at 100% of the award and the figures 
may not be indicative of the actual value at vesting which can range from 0% to 150% of the award.
4 
The amounts stated may be adjusted as indicated on pages 78 and 79 of this report.
5 
n.m. – not material
6 
Total remuneration shown above for Mr Loh Chin Hua does not include vested share of carried interests for funds created during the time he was Managing Director at 
Alpha Investment Partners. These carried interests are only earned at the end of the fund life and depends entirely on the actual performance of the funds after they have 
been liquidated.
80   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 76--------------------------------------------------

The total remuneration paid to the key management personnel (who are not directors or the CEO) in FY 2018 was $12,137,512. The level and 
mix of each of the key management personnel (who are not also directors or the CEO) in bands of $250,000 are set out below: 
Base/Fixed
Salary
Performance-Related
Cash Bonuses Earned10
Benefits- 
in-Kind
Contingent awards of shares
PSP
RSP
Remuneration Band & Name of Key Management Personnel
Above $3,000,000 to $3,250,000
Chan Hon Chew
22%
27%
n.m.
29%
22%
Ong Tiong Guan
19%
29%
n.m.
29%
23%
Above $2,500,000 to $2,750,000
Tan Hua Mui, Christina11
24%
24%
n.m.
32%
20%
Above $1,750,000 to $2,000,000
Ong Leng Yeow, Chris
26%
20%
n.m.
38%
16%
Above $1,250,000 to $1,500,000
Pang Thieng Hwi, Thomas12
29%
31%
n.m.
9%
31%
Notes:
10 The RC is satisfied that the quantum of performance-related bonuses earned by the key management personnel was fair and appropriate taking into account the extent to 
which their KPIs for FY 2018 were met.
11 Total remuneration shown above for Ms Tan Hua Mui, Christina does not include vested share of carried interests for funds created during the time she was Managing 
Director at Alpha Investment Partners. These carried interests are only earned at the end of the fund life and depend entirely on the actual performance of the funds after 
they have been liquidated.
12 On Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation Ltd (“KTT”) share based remuneration scheme for the PSP award. As at 30 April 2018, being the grant date, the estimated 
value of each share granted in respect of the contingent awards under the KTT PSP was $1.15. Mr Thomas Pang is an eligible participant of the KTT share based remuneration 
plan and the KCL RSP. Due to the on-going scheme of arrangement in respect of KTT, the decision on the grant of contingent share awards under any of such plans to 
Mr Pang has been deferred until the conclusion of the scheme.
 PSP and RSP Shares granted and vested for the Executive Director are shown below:
PSP
Awards
Vesting
Date
Contingent
Awards
of PSP
Shares
Number of
PSP Shares
Vested
Value of
PSP Shares
Vested
($)7
RSP
Awards
Vesting
Date
Contingent
Awards
of RSP
Shares
Number of
RSP Shares
Vested
Value of
RSP Shares
Vested
($)7
Name of 
Executive Director
Loh Chin Hua
2015
Awards
28 Feb
2018
0 to 330,000
0
0
2015
Awards
26 Feb 2016
9 Mar 2017
28 Feb 2018
150,000
50,000
50,000
50,000
265,500
337,500
393,500
2016
Awards
28 Feb
2019
0 to 450,0008
–
–
2016
Awards
9 Mar 2017
28 Feb 2018
28 Feb 2019
180,000
60,000
60,000
–
405,000
472,200
–
28 Feb
2022
0 to 1,125,0009
–
–
2017
Awards
28 Feb
2020
0 to 495,000
–
–
2018
Awards
28 Feb 2018
28 Feb 2019
28 Feb 2020
272,352
90,784
–
–
714,470
–
–
2018
Awards
26 Feb
2021
0 to 480,000
–
–
2019
Awards
28 Feb 2019
28 Feb 2020
26 Feb 2021
262,403
–
–
–
–
–
–
Notes:
7 The value of the shares vested under KCL PSP and RSP is computed based on the market price of the shares when the shares are credited to the employee’s CDP account. 
The RC is satisfied that the value of the shares vested under the KCL PSP and RSP to the executive director was fair and appropriate taking into account the extent to which 
his KPIs and performance conditions for FY 2018 were met.
8 Refers to contingent shares awarded under the KCL PSP.
9 Refers to one-time contingent shares awarded under the KCL PSP-TIP.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   81
--------------------------------------------------Page 77--------------------------------------------------

Details of the KCL Share Plans
The KCL Share Plans, which have been 
approved by shareholders of the Company, 
are administered by the RC. Please refer to 
pages 113 to 115 and 149 to 151 of this Annual 
Report for details on the KCL Share Plans.
Accountability and Audit 
Principle 10:
The Board should present a balanced and 
understandable assessment of the Company’s 
performance, position and prospects 
Principle 12:
Establishment of Audit Committee with 
written terms of reference
The Board is responsible for providing a 
balanced and understandable assessment 
of the Company’s and Group’s performance, 
position and prospects, including interim 
and other price sensitive public reports, 
and reports to regulators (if required). 
The Board has embraced openness and 
transparency in the conduct of the Company’s 
affairs, whilst preserving the commercial 
interests of the Company. Financial reports 
and other price sensitive information are 
disseminated to shareholders through 
announcements via SGXNET, press releases, 
the Company’s website, public webcast and 
media and analyst briefings. 
The Company’s Annual Report is 
accessible on the Company’s website, 
and can be viewed or downloaded 
from the Annual Report microsite at  
www.kepcorp.com/annualreport2018/. 
In line with the Company’s drive towards 
sustainable development, the Company 
encourages shareholders to read the 
Annual Report on the Company’s website. 
Shareholders may however request for a 
physical copy at no cost.
Management provides all members of the 
Board with management accounts which 
present a balanced and understandable 
assessment of the Company’s and Group’s 
performance, position and prospects on a 
monthly basis and as the Board may require 
from time to time. Such reports keep the board 
members informed of the Company’s and 
Group’s performance, position and prospects.
The Board, supported by the Audit Committee 
(AC) and Board Risk Committee (BRC), 
oversees the Company’s Keppel’s System 
of Management Controls Framework (the 
“Framework”), which outlines the Company’s 
internal control and risk management 
processes and procedures to, among 
others, ensure compliance with legislative 
and regulatory requirements. Details of the 
Framework are set out on pages 83 and 84 
of this Annual Report.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee (AC) comprises the 
following non-executive directors, all of whom 
are independent:
• 
Mr Danny Teoh 
Independent Chairman
• 
Mr Alvin Yeo  
Independent Member
• 
Ms Veronica Eng  
Independent Member
• 
Mr Tan Ek Kia 
Independent Member
Mr Danny Teoh and Ms Veronica Eng have 
recent and relevant accounting and related 
financial management expertise and in-depth 
experience. Mr Alvin Yeo has in-depth 
knowledge of the responsibilities of the AC, 
and practical experience and knowledge of 
the issues and considerations affecting the 
Committee from serving on the audit committee 
of other listed companies. Mr Tan Ek Kia, who 
is a seasoned executive in the oil and gas and 
petrochemicals businesses and had held 
senior positions in Shell, has sufficient financial 
management knowledge and experience to 
discharge his responsibilities as a member of 
the Committee. Mr Danny Teoh, Mr Tan Ek Kia 
and Ms Veronica Eng are also members 
of the Board Risk Committee (BRC), with 
Ms Veronica Eng being the Chairman of the BRC.
None of the members of the AC were 
partners or directors of the Company’s 
existing external auditors within the last two 
years and none of the members of the AC 
hold any financial interest in the auditing firm.
The AC’s primary role is to assist the Board to 
ensure integrity of financial reporting and that 
there is in place sound internal control 
systems. The Committee’s responsibilities 
are set out on pages 88 and 89 herein.
The AC has explicit authority to investigate 
any matter within its responsibilities, full 
access to and co-operation by management 
and full discretion to invite any director or 
executive officer to attend its meetings, and 
reasonable resources (including access to 
external consultants) to enable it to discharge 
its functions properly. The Company has an 
internal audit team, which together with the 
external auditors, report their findings and 
recommendations to the AC independently.
KCL’s Group Internal Audit also conducts regular 
reviews of the adequacy and effectiveness of 
the Group’s material internal compliance and 
IT controls, and risk management. Any material 
non-compliance or failures in internal controls 
and recommendations for improvements 
are reported to the AC. The AC also reviews 
the effectiveness of the actions taken by 
management on the recommendations 
made by Group Internal Audit and the 
external auditors.
 
The AC met with the external auditors five 
times, and with the internal auditors five 
times during the year, and, in each case, at 
least one of these meetings was conducted 
without the presence of management.
The AC reviewed and approved the Group 
internal auditor’s plan to ensure that the 
risk-based plan sufficiently covered the 
effectiveness of controls to mitigate the 
significant financial, operational, compliance 
and IT risks of the Company. All significant audit 
findings and recommendations put up by the 
internal and the external auditors were reported 
to the AC, and discussed at AC meetings.
The AC reviewed and approved the Group 
external auditor’s audit plan for the year and 
assessed the quality of the work carried out 
by the external auditors in accordance with 
the Audit Quality Indicators Disclosure 
Framework published by the Accounting 
and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA), 
and is satisfied with the performance. 
Taking into account the requirements 
under the Accountants Act (Chapter 2) of 
Singapore, the AC undertook a review of the 
independence and objectivity of the external 
auditors through discussions with the external 
auditors as well as reviewing the non-audit 
fees awarded to them, and has confirmed 
that the non-audit services performed by 
the external auditors would not affect their 
independence. For details of fees payable to 
the auditors in respect of audit and non-audit 
services, please refer to Note 25 of the Notes 
to the Financial Statements on page 174. 
The Company has complied with Rules 712, 
and Rule 715 read with 716 of the SGX 
Listing Manual in relation to its auditing firms. 
The AC also reviewed the adequacy and 
effectiveness of the internal audit function and 
is satisfied that the team is independent and 
adequately resourced, staffed with persons with 
the relevant qualifications and experience, and 
has appropriate standing within the Company. 
The internal audit team attends the Company’s 
and the Group’s key strategy sessions, 
and executive meetings, and is staffed with 
professionals with sufficient expertise in 
corporate governance, risk management, 
internal controls, and other relevant disciplines, 
The AC also reviewed the training costs and 
programs attended by the internal audit team 
to ensure that their technical knowledge and 
skill sets remain current and relevant.
The AC has reviewed the “Keppel  
Whistle-Blower Policy” (the “Policy”) which 
provides for the mechanisms by which 
employees and other persons may, in 
confidence, raise concerns about possible 
improprieties in business conduct, and was 
satisfied that arrangements are in place 
for the independent investigation of such 
matters and for appropriate follow-up action. 
Governance 
Corporate Governance
82   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 78--------------------------------------------------

To facilitate the management of incidences 
of alleged fraud or other misconduct, the 
AC is guided by a set of guidelines to 
ensure proper conduct of investigations 
and appropriate closure actions following 
completion of the investigations, including 
administrative, disciplinary, civil and/or 
criminal actions, and remediation of control 
weaknesses that perpetrated the fraud or 
misconduct so as to prevent a recurrence. 
In addition, the AC reviews the Policy yearly 
to ensure that it remains current. The details 
of the Policy are set out on page 92 hereto. 
On a quarterly basis, management reported 
to the AC the interested person transactions 
(“IPTs”) in accordance with the Company’s 
Shareholders’ Mandate for IPT. The IPTs 
were reviewed by the internal auditors. All 
findings were reported during AC meetings.
Financial Matters
Changes to accounting standards and 
accounting issues which have a direct 
impact on the financial statements were 
reported to the AC, and highlighted by the 
external auditors in their quarterly meetings 
with the AC. In addition, the AC members 
are invited to the Company’s annual finance 
seminars where relevant changes to the 
accounting standards that will impact the 
Keppel Group of Companies are shared by, 
and discussed with accounting practitioners 
from one of the leading accounting firms.
During the year, the AC performed independent 
review of the financial statements of the 
Company before the announcement of the 
Company’s quarterly and full-year results. 
In the process, the Committee reviewed the 
key areas of management judgement applied 
for adequate provisioning and disclosure, 
critical accounting policies and any significant 
changes made that would have a material 
impact on the financials.
In its review of the financial statements of the 
Group and the Company for FY 2018, the AC 
reviewed the key areas of management’s 
estimates and judgement applied for key 
financial issues, including valuation and 
assessment of impairment of assets, 
recoverability of contract assets and stocks, 
financial exposure in relation to contracts with 
Sete Brasil, global resolution with criminal 
authorities in relation to corrupt payments and 
revenue recognition, that might affect the 
integrity of the financial statements. The AC 
also considered the report from the external 
auditors, including their findings on the key 
audit matters as set out in the independent 
auditor’s report for the financial year ended 
31 December 2018. 
In addition to the findings of the external 
auditors, the AC took into consideration the 
methodology applied in determining the 
valuation and value-in-use of different asset 
classes, including the reasonableness of the 
estimates and key assumptions used. The AC 
also reviewed management’s assessment of 
recoverability of contract assets and stocks, 
as well as financial exposure in relation to 
contracts with Sete Brasil, including expectation 
of probable outcomes, assessment on whether 
there was a potential for any additional provision 
in relation to the corrupt payments or to the 
matters described in sub-paragraph (2) on 
page 86 of this Annual Report, as well as 
estimates of the total costs and physical 
proportion of work completed in determining 
the stage of completion. Furthermore, 
external independent valuations as well as 
opinions from internal and external legal 
counsel, where applicable, were considered 
when reviewing management’s assessment.
The AC concurs with the methodology, 
accounting treatment and estimates 
adopted, as well as the disclosures made 
in the financial statements for each of the 
key audit matters set out by the external 
auditors in their report.
Risk Management and Internal Controls
Principle 11:
Sound system of risk management and 
internal controls 
The Board Risk Committee (BRC) comprises 
the following non-executive directors, four out 
of five of whom (including the Chairman) are 
independent and the remaining director being 
a non-executive director who is independent 
of management; namely:
• 
Ms Veronica Eng 
Independent Chairman
• 
Mr Danny Teoh 
Independent Member
• 
Mr Tow Heng Tan  
Non-executive and  
Non-independent Member
• 
Mr Tan Ek Kia  
Independent Member 
• 
Prof Jean-François Manzoni  
Independent Member
Ms Veronica Eng was a Founding Partner 
of Permira until September 2015 and had 
extensive experience in a wide range of roles 
in relation to its funds’ investments across 
sectors and geographies. She served on 
the board of Permira and its Executive 
Committee, chaired the Investment 
Committee and was the Fund Minder to 
various Permira funds. In addition, she 
had oversight of Permira’s firm-wide risk 
management as well as its operations in Asia.
Mr Danny Teoh, who is the Chairman of 
the AC, is the second member of the BRC. 
Mr Danny Teoh was the Managing Partner 
of KPMG Singapore from October 2005 to 
October 2010. He was also the Head of 
Audit and Risk Advisory Services practices 
in Singapore as well as in Asia, and served 
on its global team.
The third member is Mr Tow Heng Tan, 
who has deep management experience 
from his extensive business career spanning 
the management consultancy, investment 
banking and stock-broking industries. Mr Tow  
was previously the Chief Investment Officer 
of Temasek. 
The fourth member is Mr Tan Ek Kia, who is 
a seasoned executive in the oil and gas and 
petrochemicals businesses and had held 
senior positions in Shell including Vice 
President (Ventures and Developments) of 
Shell Chemicals, Asia Pacific and Middle East 
region, Managing Director (Exploration and 
Production) of Shell Malaysia, Chairman of 
Shell North East Asia and Managing Director 
of Shell Nanhai Ltd.
The fifth member is Prof Jean-François 
Manzoni, who is currently the President (Dean) 
and Nestlé Professor at the International 
Institute for Management Development (IMD) 
in Switzerland, where he is based. Prior to 
re-joining IMD in 2016, he had served at 
INSEAD’s Singapore campus where he 
co-directed the International Directors 
Program. He was also on the faculty of 
INSEAD (Fontainebleau), where he founded 
and directed the PwC Research Initiative on 
High Performance Organisations. 
The BRC considers the nature and extent 
of the significant risks which the Company 
may take in achieving its strategic objectives 
and value creation; and reviews and guides 
management in the formulation of risk policies 
and processes to effectively identify, evaluate 
and manage significant risks, to safeguard 
shareholders’ interests and the Group’s 
assets. The Committee reports to the 
Board on critical risk issues, material 
matters, findings and recommendations. 
The detailed responsibilities of this Committee 
are disclosed on page 89 herein.
The Group’s approach to risk management 
is set out in the “Risk Management” section 
on pages 104 to 106 of this Annual Report. 
The Group is guided by a set of Risk Tolerance 
Guiding Principles, as disclosed on page 104.
The Group also has in place a Risk Management 
Assessment Framework, which was established 
to facilitate the Board’s assessment on the 
adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s 
risk management system. The framework 
lays out the governing policies, processes 
and systems pertaining to each of the key 
risk areas of the Group and assessments 
are made on the adequacy and effectiveness 
of the Group’s risk management system in 
managing each of these key risk areas.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   83
--------------------------------------------------Page 79--------------------------------------------------

KCL’s Group Internal Audit also conducts regular 
reviews of the adequacy and effectiveness 
of the Group’s material internal compliance 
and IT controls, and risk management. 
Any material non-compliance or failures 
in internal controls and recommendations 
for improvements are reported to the AC. 
The AC also reviews the effectiveness of 
the actions taken by management on the 
recommendations made by Group Internal 
Audit and the external auditors.
The Group also has in place Keppel’s System 
of Management Controls Framework 
(the “Framework”) outlining the Group’s 
internal control and risk management 
processes and procedures. The Framework 
comprises three Lines of Defence towards 
ensuring the adequacy and effectiveness 
of the Group’s system of internal controls 
and risk management.
Under the first Line of Defence, management 
is required to ensure good corporate 
governance through the implementation 
and management of policies and procedures 
relevant to the Group’s business scope and 
environment. Such policies and procedures 
govern financial, operational, IT and regulatory 
compliance matters and are reviewed and 
updated periodically. Compliance governance 
is governed by the respective regulatory 
compliance management committees 
and working teams. Employees are also 
guided by the Group’s Core Values and 
expected to comply strictly with Keppel’s 
Code of Conduct.
Under the second Line of Defence, significant 
business units are required to conduct a 
self-assessment exercise on an annual 
basis. This exercise requires such business 
units to assess the status of their respective 
internal controls and risk management 
via self-assessment. Where required, 
action plans are developed to remedy 
identified control gaps. Under the Group’s 
Enterprise Risk Management Framework, 
significant risks areas of the Group are 
also identified and assessed, with systems, 
policies and processes put in place to 
manage and mitigate the identified risks. 
Regulatory Compliance supports and 
works alongside business management 
to ensure relevant policies, processes 
and controls are effectively designed, 
managed and implemented to ensure 
compliance risks and controls are 
effectively managed.
Under the third Line of Defence, to assist 
the Group to ascertain the adequacy 
and effectiveness of the Group’s internal 
controls, business units are required to 
provide the Group with written assurances 
as to the adequacy and effectiveness 
of their system of internal controls and 
risk management. Such assurances are 
also sought from the Group’s internal 
and external auditors based on their 
independent assessments.
The Board, supported by the AC and BRC, 
oversees the Group’s system of internal 
controls and risk management. 
Enhancements to Compliance 
Programme in FY 2018 
At Keppel, integrity is a core value. As our 
Code of Conduct states, “we care how results 
are achieved, not just that they are attained”. 
Implementing that core value through 
enhancing our regulatory compliance process 
and by reminding every Keppelite of that value 
is a focus of attention for us, our boards, and 
officers and line managers across the globe.
This section provides an overview of the 
improvements and enhancements that have 
been made to strengthen Keppel’s compliance 
programme over the past year. Further details 
of our compliance initiatives are set out on 
pages 107 and 108 of this Annual Report. 
The Company is committed to a continuous 
review and, where necessary and appropriate, 
further improvements and enhancements to the 
Group’s compliance programme will be made. 
The Group has taken the following steps over 
the past year to further enhance its internal 
controls, policies and procedures:
(i) retained an independent consultant 
and successfully attained ISO 37001 
certification in November 2018 for the 
Singapore operations of our wholly-
owned subsidiary, Keppel Offshore & 
Marine Limited (“Keppel O&M”). Both the 
independent consultant and certifying 
authority have conducted additional 
compliance and risk assessments and 
recommended further enhancements of 
Keppel O&M’s compliance programme;
 
Governance 
Corporate Governance
Systems
Policies
People
Processes
Board of Directors
Business Unit 
Representation
Internal  
Audit
External  
Audit
Self Assessment  
Process
Enterprise Risk  
Management
IT Governance  
Framework
Regulatory 
Compliance
Policy  
Management
Compliance 
Governance
Financial  
Governance
Operational 
Governance
Core Values, Corporate & Employee Conduct
Assurance
3
Management &  
Assurance Frameworks
2
Business Governance/ 
Rules of Governance
1
Board Oversight
4
Keppel’s System of Management Controls (KSMC)
84   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 80--------------------------------------------------

(ii) continuing to hire and integrate 
professional and experienced compliance 
officers in each business unit and to 
increase the Group’s internal audit 
headcount; and hired a Senior Legal & 
Ethics counsel at the KCL level;
(iii) continued training in each business unit, 
including focused ‘gate-keeper’ training 
for finance personnel, compliance 
training by external trainers for personnel 
who are involved in compliance, 
specialised compliance workshops on 
doing business in specific jurisdictions 
as well as continued training of senior 
management within the Group;
(iv) rolled out and implemented a new 
Solicitations and Extortions Policy to 
provide guidance to employees on how to 
avoid and resist such types of improper 
payments, and enhanced the Group’s 
Gifts and Hospitality Policy to address 
among others the area of customer travel; 
(v) simplified and consolidated various 
policies into user-friendly documents, such 
as with the introduction of the Group’s 
Global Anti-Bribery Policy as a single plain 
language reference guide for all Keppel 
employees, and a stand-alone document 
specifying the Group’s due diligence 
procedures with respect to intermediaries;
(vi) regular messaging by the Group’s and 
each business unit’s senior management 
stressing the importance of compliance;
(vii) regular discussions of compliance 
issues and matters at meetings of senior 
management, core functions, and board 
(or board committee) levels;
(viii) enhancements to the Group’s due 
diligence procedures with respect to 
intermediaries including, at Keppel O&M, 
having its board of directors, in addition 
to Keppel O&M board’s audit and risk 
committee, review the due diligence 
procedures relating to Keppel O&M’s 
commercial agents (i.e., third parties 
retained to assist Keppel O&M in 
obtaining business); 
(ix) conducted special compliance audits 
by Group Internal Audit on Keppel O&M’s 
Singapore operations, as well as its 
Brazilian and U.S. operations; and
(x) enhancements to our Whistle-Blower 
Policy with centralised procedures and 
established additional whistle-blower 
reporting channels, including an email 
hotline, local toll-free whistle-blower 
hotlines for Singapore, Brazil, China, U.S., 
Vietnam, Indonesia, Philippines, Australia, 
UK and Germany respectively, and an online 
reporting portal. The manning of these 
additional reporting channels has been 
outsourced to a third party (KPMG). Further 
details of our Whistle-Blower Policy are 
set out on page 92 of this Annual Report. 
The Group’s Enhanced 
Compliance Programme
The Group’s enhanced compliance 
programme also includes the following:
(i) a compliance governance structure that 
is overseen by a Regulatory Compliance 
Management Committee and Regulatory 
Compliance Working Team, bringing 
together senior management, compliance 
personnel, and other core function leads 
to discuss compliance enhancements and 
address compliance issues as they arise;
(ii) a Supplier Code of Conduct, to integrate 
Keppel’s sustainability principles across 
our supply chain, and positively influence 
the environmental, social and governance 
performance of our suppliers. Suppliers 
of the Group are expected to abide by the 
Supplier Code of Conduct, which covers 
areas pertaining to business conduct 
(including specific anti-bribery provisions), 
labour practices, safety and health, and 
environmental management;
(iii) the dedicated independent Group-wide 
compliance function has reporting lines 
independent of business divisions. 
The Head of the Group’s compliance 
function has a primary line of reporting 
to the Chairman of the BRC, with an 
administrative reporting line to the 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the 
Company; and
(iv) an enhanced Whistle-Blower Policy with 
centralised procedures and established 
local toll-free whistle-blower hotlines for 
Singapore, Brazil, China, USA, Vietnam, 
Indonesia, Philippines, Australia, UK and 
Germany respectively.
The Group’s compliance programme is and 
will be subjected to a periodic review to ensure 
it meets the following standards, i.e. that:
1. Board and Senior 
Management Commitment
 
The Group’s senior management, 
including members of the Board, 
provide continuous, clear and explicit 
support to the compliance programme.
2. Policies and Procedures
 
The Group continuously implements 
and communicates its corporate policy 
against violations of any anti-corruption 
laws. This policy has been and will 
continue to be documented in writing, 
include appropriate measures to reduce 
the prospect of violations of anti-corruption 
laws, and encourage and support the 
observance of compliance policies and 
procedures by personnel at all levels of 
the Group. These anti-corruption policies 
and procedures apply to all directors, 
officers and employees and, where 
necessary and appropriate, outside 
parties acting on behalf of Keppel, 
including but not limited to, agents 
and intermediaries, consultants, 
representatives, partners, and suppliers. 
 
Individuals at all levels of Keppel comply 
with Keppel’s Code of Conduct and its 
compliance policies and procedures. 
Such policies and procedures address, 
among other areas:
(a) gifts;
(b) hospitality, entertainment, 
and expenses;
(c) agent fees;
(d) political contributions;
(e) charitable donations and sponsorships; 
(f) facilitation payments; and
(g) solicitation and extortion.
 
The Group ensures that:
(a) books, records and accounts are in 
reasonable detail, and accurately and 
fairly reflect the transactions and 
disposition of assets; and
(b) the Group develops and maintains 
a system of internal accounting 
controls, sufficient to provide 
reasonable assurance that:
i. 
transactions are performed in 
accordance with the Group’s 
general guidelines or 
specific authorisation;
ii. 
transactions are recorded as 
necessary to permit preparation 
of financial statements in 
conformity with generally 
accepted accounting principles 
or any other criteria applicable to 
such statements, and to maintain 
accountability for assets;
iii. access to assets shall only be 
permitted in accordance with 
the Group’s general guidelines 
or specific authorisation; and
iv. the recorded accountability for 
assets shall be compared with 
the existing assets at reasonable 
intervals and appropriate action 
be taken with respect to 
any differences.
3. Periodic Risk-based Review
 
The Group continues to enhance its 
compliance policies and procedures on 
the basis of a periodic risk assessment 
to ensure their continued effectiveness, 
taking into account relevant developments 
such as international and industry 
standards, and addressing the individual 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   85
--------------------------------------------------Page 81--------------------------------------------------

circumstances of the Group, and in 
particular corruption risks, including but 
not limited to its geographical organisation 
and sectors of industrial operation. 
4. Training and Orientation
 
The Group continuously ensures that 
its compliance policies and procedures 
are communicated effectively to all 
employees, including officers, directors, 
and where necessary and appropriate 
agents, and business partners. These 
mechanisms include: 
(a) periodic focused ‘gate-keeper’ 
training for senior management 
members (including directors), 
employees in positions of leadership, 
and targeted training for employees 
in positions otherwise exposed to 
corruption risks, and where necessary 
and appropriate, compliance training 
for agents and business partners, 
and annual e-training for directors, 
officers and employees; and
(b) corresponding certifications by 
such senior management members 
(including directors), employees, agents 
and business partners, acknowledging 
their understanding of policies and 
conformity with training requirements.
5. Internal Reporting, Communication 
and Investigation
 
The Group maintains a system for 
the internal reporting/communication 
of potential violations of compliance 
policies and procedures and applicable 
laws, that ensures as far as possible 
confidentiality to the whistle-blower 
and investigation subjects. 
 
The Group maintains a process for 
receiving internal reports/communications 
with sufficient resources to respond 
and document allegations of violations 
of compliance policies and procedures 
and applicable law. When necessary, 
the Group undertakes independent 
investigations of the alleged violations.
6. Enforcement and Discipline
 
The Group maintains and, where necessary, 
improves its mechanisms designed 
to effectively enforce its compliance 
policies and procedures including, where 
appropriate, the imposition of disciplinary 
measures in the case of violations. 
 
The Group institutes disciplinary measures 
with reference to, among other things, 
violations of compliance policies and 
procedures and applicable law by its 
senior management (including directors) 
and employees. Such procedures should 
be applied consistently and fairly, regardless 
of the position held by, or the perceived 
importance of the senior management 
member (including directors) or employee. 
Where misconduct is discovered, measures 
are taken promptly to cease the misconduct 
or irregularities, and remedy the harm 
resulting from such misconduct.
7. Third-party Relationships
 
The Group continues to implement the 
following procedures with reference to 
its agents and business partners:
(a) due diligence relating to the hiring 
of third-parties;
(b)  appropriate oversight of  
third-parties; and
(c)  seeking reciprocal commitments 
regarding ethical conduct from 
third-parties, associates and 
business partners.
 
When necessary, the Group includes 
in contracts with third-parties, agents 
and business partners, anti-corruption 
provisions, which may include the following:
(a)  commitment to act in accordance 
with applicable laws;
(b)  right to conduct audits of the books 
and records of third-parties, agents 
or business partners; and
(c)  right to terminate a contract due to 
violations of compliance policies 
and procedures or any applicable 
anti-corruption law by any third-party, 
agent or business partner.
8. Mergers, Acquisitions and 
Corporate Restructuring
 
The Group implements policies 
and procedures aimed at identifying 
misconduct, irregularities, or the 
existence of vulnerabilities in potential 
new entities in the context of mergers, 
acquisitions and corporate restructuring. 
 
The Group applies its compliance codes, 
policies and procedures in a speedy and 
efficient manner to newly-acquired 
businesses or entities, and conducts 
training for new employees, senior 
management (including directors), 
agents, and business partners.
9. Monitoring and Developments
 
The Group conducts continuous monitoring 
of its compliance programme to enhance 
its effectiveness in preventing and 
detecting violations of its compliance 
policies and procedures and applicable law.
 
Annual Assurance
The Board has received assurance from CEO, 
Mr Loh Chin Hua and CFO, Mr Chan Hon 
Chew, that except for the matters described 
in sub-paragraph (2) below, amongst others:
(a) the financial records of the Group have 
been properly maintained and the financial 
statements give a true and fair view of the 
operations and finances of the Group; 
(b) the internal controls of the Group are 
adequate and effective to address the 
financial, operational, compliance and IT 
risks which the Group considers relevant 
and material to its current business 
scope and environment and that they are 
not aware of any material weaknesses in 
the system of internal controls; and
(c) they are of the view that the Group’s 
risk management system is adequate 
and effective. 
Based on the review of the Group’s governing 
framework, systems, policies and processes 
in addressing the key risks under the Group’s 
Enterprise Risk Management Framework, 
the monitoring and review of the Group’s 
overall performance and representation 
from the management, the Board, with the 
concurrence of the BRC, is of the view that, 
as at 31 December 2018, except for the 
matters described in sub-paragraph (2) 
below, the Group’s risk management system 
is adequate and effective.
Based on the Group’s framework of 
management control, the internal control 
policies and procedures established and 
maintained by the Group, and the regular 
audits, monitoring and reviews performed by 
the internal and external auditors, the Board, 
with the concurrence of the AC, is of the 
opinion that, as at 31 December 2018, except 
for the matters described in sub-paragraph 
(2) below, the Group’s internal controls are 
adequate and effective to address the 
financial, operational, compliance and IT 
risks which the Group considers relevant 
and material to its current business scope 
and environment.
(1) As part of the global resolution with the 
authorities, the Group has committed 
to strengthening the compliance and 
governance regime in Keppel O&M. 
Amongst others, it included a commitment 
to secure certification of ISO 37001 
Anti-Bribery Management System and 
testing of the effectiveness of the policies 
and procedures put in place. In November 
2018, Keppel O&M’s entities in Singapore 
achieved certification for the ISO 37001 
Anti-Bribery Management System.
(2) Anti-bribery and corruption compliance 
audits were also performed during the 
year on entities within the Keppel O&M 
Group. These audits revealed that the 
enhanced policies and procedures put in 
place to-date were, in general, functioning 
as intended in the current year. The audits 
did, however, identify certain matters 
relating to contracts entered into several 
years ago which require follow-up actions 
Governance 
Corporate Governance
86   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 82--------------------------------------------------

and further review. Notwithstanding, 
based on currently available information, 
management is of the opinion that no 
additional provisions would be required 
in relation to these matters.
(3) With the Group’s enhanced compliance 
programme in place as part of the global 
resolution, there is reasonable assurance 
that the current internal controls are 
adequate and effective.
(4) The Group reiterates its zero tolerance for 
bribery and corruption and its commitment 
to continue to review its compliance 
measures and put in place effective 
and robust compliance and governance 
regimes to ensure that the Group 
secures business legally and ethically.
The system of internal controls and risk 
management established by the Group provides 
reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that 
the Group will not be adversely affected by 
any event that can be reasonably foreseen 
as it strives to achieve its business objectives. 
However, the Board also notes that no system 
of internal controls and risk management 
can provide absolute assurance in this 
regard, or absolute assurance against the 
occurrence of material errors, poor judgement 
in decision making, human error, losses, 
fraud or other irregularities. 
 
Internal Audit
Principle 13:
Effective and independent internal audit 
function that is adequately resourced 
The Company has an in-house internal 
audit function that supports the Group 
(“Group Internal Audit”). The role of Group 
Internal Audit is to provide independent 
assurance to the AC to ensure that the 
Company maintains a sound system of 
internal controls. Group Internal Audit 
adopts a risk-based approach to evaluate 
the adequacy and effectiveness of key 
controls and procedures when performing 
audits of high-risk areas. They also undertake 
investigations as directed by the AC.  
Staffed by suitably qualified executives, 
Group Internal Audit has direct access to 
the AC and unrestricted access to all the 
Group’s documents, records, properties 
and personnel. The Head of Group Internal 
Audit’s primary line of reporting is to the 
Chairman of the AC, with an administrative 
reporting line to the CEO of the Company. 
The AC approves the hiring, removal, 
evaluation and compensation of the Head 
of Group Internal Audit.
As a member of the Institute of Internal 
Auditors (“IIA”), Group Internal Audit is guided 
by the International Professional Practices 
Framework set by the IIA. External quality 
assessment reviews are carried out at 
least once every five years by qualified 
professionals, with the last assessment 
conducted in 2016. The results re-affirmed 
that the internal audit activity conforms to the 
International Standards for the Professional 
Practice of Internal Auditing. Group Internal 
Audit staff performs a yearly declaration of 
independence and confirm their adherence to 
Keppel’s Code of Conduct as well as the Code 
of Ethics established by the IIA, from which 
the principles of objectivity, competence, 
confidentiality and integrity are based.
The purpose, authority, and responsibility of 
Group Internal Audit is formally defined in an 
internal audit charter, which is approved by 
the AC. The internal audit charter establishes 
Group Internal Audit’s position within the 
organisation, including the nature of its 
functional reporting relationship with the AC; 
authorises access to records, personnel, and 
physical properties relevant to the performance 
of engagements; and defines the scope of 
internal audit activities. The Charter mandates 
Group Internal Audit to maintain a quality 
assurance and improvement programme 
that covers all aspects of the internal audit 
activity, including the evaluation of its 
conformance with the Standards, and an 
evaluation of whether internal auditors 
apply the IIA’s Code of Ethics.
During the year, Group Internal Audit adopted 
a risk-based auditing approach that focuses 
on key risks, including financial, operational, 
compliance and IT risks. An annual audit 
plan is developed using a structured risk 
and control assessment framework. Audits 
are planned based on the results of the 
assessment, with priority given to auditing 
the areas of highest risk within the Company. 
All Group Internal Audit’s reports are submitted 
to the AC for deliberation with copies of 
these reports extended to the Chairman, CEO 
and relevant senior management personnel. 
In addition, Group Internal Audit’s summary 
of findings and recommendations are 
discussed at the AC meetings. To ensure 
timely and adequate closure of audit 
findings, the status of implementation 
of the actions agreed by management is 
tracked and discussed with the AC.
Shareholder Rights and 
Communication with Shareholders
Principle 14:
Fair and equitable treatment of shareholders 
and protection of shareholders’ rights 
Principle 15:
Regular, effective and fair communication 
with shareholders
Principle 16:
Greater shareholder participation at Annual 
General Meetings
In addition to the matters mentioned above 
in relation to “Access to Information”, the 
Company’s Group Corporate Communications 
Department (with assistance from the 
Group Control & Accounts and Group Legal 
departments, when required) regularly 
communicates with shareholders and receives 
and attends to their queries and concerns. 
The Company treats all its shareholders fairly 
and equitably and keeps all its shareholders 
and other stakeholders informed of its 
corporate activities, including changes in 
the Company or its business which would be 
likely to materially affect the price or value 
of its shares, on a timely basis. 
The Company has in place an Investor 
Relations Policy which sets out the principles 
and practices that the Company applies 
to provide shareholders and prospective 
investors with information necessary to 
make well-informed investment decisions 
and to ensure a level playing field. The 
Investor Relations Policy is published on 
the Company’s website at www.kepcorp.com, 
and sets out the mechanism through which 
shareholders may contact the Company with 
questions and through which the Company 
may respond to such questions.
The Company’s mobile-friendly website is 
regularly updated with the latest information. 
These include latest updates on business 
and operations, quarterly financial statements 
and dividend information, materials provided 
at analysts and media briefings, annual 
reports, and notices of general meetings. 
Contact details of the Investor Relations 
department are also set out on the website 
to facilitate any queries from investors. 
The Company employs various platforms 
to effectively engage shareholders and the 
investment community, with an emphasis 
on timely, accurate, fair and transparent 
disclosure of information. Engagement with 
shareholders and other stakeholders takes 
many forms, including “live” webcasts of 
quarterly results and presentations, email 
communications, publications and content 
on the Company’s corporate website, as well 
as through facility visits, where shareholders 
may raise any queries or concerns that they 
may have. In addition, senior management 
meets investors, analysts and the media, as 
well as travels on roadshows, and participates 
in selected conferences organised by major 
brokerage firms to solicit and understand 
the views of the investment community. 
In FY 2018, the Company hosted about 
216 meetings and conference calls with 
institutional investors, including several 
facility visits to its residential and commercial 
properties in China and Vietnam. Management 
also traveled on non-deal roadshows to meet 
overseas investors in the United States, the 
United Kingdom, Japan and Hong Kong. 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   87
--------------------------------------------------Page 83--------------------------------------------------

The Company engages retail shareholders at 
the general meeting. In addition, the Company 
has, since 2017, been collaborating with the 
Securities Investors Association (Singapore) 
(SIAS) to hold briefings for retail shareholders. 
In 2018, senior management briefed about 
120 retail shareholders on the Company’s 
strategy and performance. 
All materials presented on these occasions 
are also made available on the SGXNET and 
the Company’s website in a timely manner, 
to ensure fair disclosure of information for 
the benefit of all shareholders.
The Company’s general meetings are 
held in central locations which are easily 
accessible by public transportation, 
ensuring that shareholders have the 
opportunity to participate effectively and 
vote at shareholders’ meetings. Shareholders 
are informed of the meetings through notices 
published in the newspapers and via SGXNET, 
and reports or circulars sent or made available 
to all shareholders. Shareholders are invited, 
at such meetings, to put forth any questions 
they may have on the motions to be debated 
and decided upon, and vote on the resolutions 
at shareholders’ meetings. Such resolutions 
include matters of significance to shareholders 
such as, where applicable, proposed 
amendments to the Company’s constitution, 
the authorisation to issue additional shares, 
the transfer of significant assets, and the 
remuneration of non-executive directors. 
Shareholders are also informed of the rules, 
including voting procedures, governing 
such meetings.
If any shareholder is unable to attend,  
he/she is allowed to appoint up to two 
proxies to vote on his/her behalf at the 
meeting through proxy forms sent in 
advance. Specified intermediaries, such 
as banks and capital markets services 
licence holders which provide custodial 
services, may appoint more than two 
proxies. This will enable indirect investors, 
including CPF investors, to be appointed 
as proxies to participate in shareholders’ 
meetings. Such indirect investors, 
where so appointed, will have the same 
rights as direct investors to vote at the 
shareholders’ meetings. 
At shareholders’ meetings, each distinct issue 
is proposed as a separate resolution. Such 
resolutions include matters of significance 
to shareholders such as, where applicable, 
proposed amendments to the Company’s 
constitution, the authorisation to issue 
additional shares, the transfer of significant 
assets, re-election of directors, and the 
remuneration of non-executive directors. 
The rationale for the resolutions to be 
proposed at the meeting is set out in the 
notices to the meeting or its accompanying 
appendices. However, where the issues 
are interdependent and linked so as to 
form one significant proposal, the Company 
may propose “bundled resolutions” and 
will set out the reasons and material 
implication in the notices to the meeting 
or its accompanying appendices. 
To ensure transparency, the Company 
conducts electronic poll voting for 
shareholders/proxies present at the 
meeting for all the resolutions proposed 
at the general meeting. A scrutineer is also 
appointed to count and validate the votes 
cast at the meetings. Votes cast for and 
against and the respective percentages, 
on each resolution will be displayed “live” 
to shareholders/proxies immediately after 
each poll conducted. The total number of 
votes cast for or against the resolutions 
and the respective percentages are also 
announced in a timely manner after the 
general meeting via SGXNET. Each share 
is entitled to one vote.
Where possible, all directors will attend 
shareholders’ meetings. The Chairmen of 
the Board and each board committee are 
required to be present to address questions 
at shareholders’ meetings. External auditors 
are also present at such meetings to assist 
the directors to address shareholders’ 
queries, if necessary.
The constitution of the Company allows 
for absentia voting at general meetings. 
However, the Company is not implementing 
absentia voting methods such as voting 
via mail, email or fax until security, 
integrity and other pertinent issues are 
satisfactorily resolved. 
The Company Secretaries prepare 
minutes of shareholders’ meetings, 
which incorporates substantial comments 
or queries from shareholders and responses 
from the Board and management. These 
minutes are available to shareholders upon 
their requests. 
The Company is committed to rewarding 
shareholders fairly and sustainably, while 
balancing the payment of dividends with 
its capital requirements to ensure that the 
best interests of the Company are served. 
While it does not have a formal dividend 
policy, the Company has a consistent track 
record of distributing about 40 to 50% of its 
annual net profit as dividends. Any payment 
of interim dividend or, upon receipt of 
shareholders’ approval at annual general 
meetings, final dividend, will be paid to all 
shareholders in an equitable and timely 
manner. For FY 2018, the Company will be 
paying out a total cash dividend of 30.0 cents 
per share to shareholders. Excluding the 
special cash dividend of 5.0 cents per share 
distributed in August 2018 to celebrate 
the Company’s 50th anniversary, the total 
dividend for FY 2018 represented a payout 
ratio of 48%.
The Company has identified and prioritised 
its material environmental, social and 
governance issues. An overview of the 
Company’s approach to sustainability 
management can be found on pages 36 to 
39 of this Annual Report. More details on 
Keppel Corporation’s sustainability 
management and materiality approach 
will be made available through a separate 
Sustainability Report published by the 
Company annually in May.
Securities Transactions
Insider Trading Policy
The Company has a formal Insider Trading 
Policy and Guidelines on Disclosure of 
Dealings in Securities on dealings in the 
securities of the Company and its listed 
subsidiaries and associated companies, 
which sets out the implications of insider 
trading and guidance on such dealings, 
including the prohibition on dealings with 
the Company’s securities on short-term 
considerations. The policy and guidelines 
have been distributed to the Group’s 
directors and officers. In compliance with 
Rule 1207(19) of the Listing Manual on 
best practices on dealing in securities, the 
Company issues circulars to its directors and 
officers informing that the Company and its 
officers must not deal in listed securities of 
the Company one month before the release 
of the full-year results and two weeks before 
the release of quarterly results, and if they 
are in possession of unpublished  
price-sensitive information. Directors and 
CEO are also required to report their dealings 
in the Company’s securities within two 
business days.
Appendix 1
Board Committees – Responsibilities
A. 
Audit Committee 
1.1 
Review financial statements and 
formal announcements relating to 
financial performance, and review 
significant financial reporting issues 
and judgements contained in them, for 
better assurance of the integrity of 
such statements and announcements. 
1.2 
Review and report to the Board at 
least annually the adequacy and 
effectiveness of the Group’s internal 
controls, including financial, operational, 
compliance and IT controls (such 
review can be carried out internally or 
with the assistance of any competent 
third parties).
1.3 
Review audit plans and reports of the 
external auditors and internal auditors, 
and consider the effectiveness of 
actions taken by management on the 
recommendations and observations.
Governance 
Corporate Governance
88   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 84--------------------------------------------------

1.4 
Review the scope and results of the 
external audit and independence and 
objectivity of the external auditors.
1.5 
Review the nature and extent of 
non-audit services performed by the 
external auditors, to ensure their 
independence and objectivity.
1.6 
Meet with external auditors and internal 
auditors, without the presence of 
management, at least annually.
1.7 
Make recommendations to the Board 
on the proposals to the shareholders on 
the appointment, re-appointment and 
removal of the external auditors, and 
approve the remuneration and terms 
of engagement of the external auditors. 
1.8 
Review the adequacy and effectiveness  
of the internal audit function, at 
least annually.
1.9 
Ensure that the internal audit function 
is adequately resourced and has 
appropriate standing within the 
Company, at least annually.
1.10 Approve the hiring, removal evaluation 
and compensation of the head of 
internal audit, or the accounting/
auditing firm or corporation to which 
the internal audit function is outsourced.  
1.11 Review the Company’s procedures 
for detecting fraud, its whistle-blower 
policy, the arrangements by which 
employees of the Company and any 
other persons may, in confidence, raise 
concerns about possible improprieties 
in matters of financial reporting or other 
matters, to ensure that arrangements 
are in place for such concerns to be 
raised and independently investigated, 
and for appropriate follow up action 
to be taken. 
1.12 Review interested person transactions 
to ensure they are on normal 
commercial terms and are not 
prejudicial to the interests of the 
Company or its minority shareholders.
1.13 Investigate any matters within the 
Committee’s purview, whenever it 
deems necessary.  
1.14 Report to the Board on material 
matters, findings and recommendations.
1.15 Review the Committee’s terms of 
reference annually and recommend 
any proposed changes to the Board 
for approval.
1.16 Perform such other functions as the 
Board may determine. 
1.17 Ensure that the internal auditors and 
external auditors have direct and 
unrestricted access to the Chairman 
of the Committee.
1.18 Sub-delegate any of its powers within 
its terms of reference as listed above 
from time to time as the Committee 
may deem fit.
B. 
Board Risk Committee 
1.1 
Obtain recommendations on risk 
tolerance and strategy from 
Management, and where appropriate, 
report and recommend to the Board 
for its determination the nature and 
extent of significant risks which the 
Group overall may take in achieving 
its strategic objectives and the overall 
Group’s levels of risk tolerance and 
risk policies.
1.2 
Review and discuss, as and when 
appropriate, with Management the 
Group’s risk governance structure and 
framework including risk policies, risk 
mitigation and monitoring processes 
and procedures.  
1.3 
Receive and review quarterly reports 
from Management on major risk 
exposures and the steps taken to 
monitor, control and mitigate 
such risks.
1.4 
Review the Group’s capability to 
identify and manage new risk types.
1.5 
Receive and review updates from 
Management to assess the adequacy 
and effectiveness of the Group’s 
compliance framework in line with 
relevant laws, regulations and 
best practices.
1.6 
Through interactions with the 
Compliance Lead who has a direct 
reporting line to the Committee, 
review and oversee performance of 
the Group’s implementation of 
compliance programmes.  
1.7 
Review and monitor the Group’s 
approach to ensuring compliance 
with regulatory commitments, 
including progress of remedial 
actions where applicable.
1.8 
Review and monitor Management’s 
responsiveness to the risks and matters 
identified and recommendations of 
the Group Risk and Compliance 
department.  
1.9 
Provide timely input to the Board 
on critical risk and compliance 
issues, material matters, findings 
and recommendations.
1.10 Review the Committee’s terms of 
reference annually and recommend 
any proposed changes to the Board. 
1.11 Review and report to the Board 
annually on the adequacy and 
effectiveness of the Group’s risk 
management and internal controls 
systems, including financial, 
operational, compliance and 
information technology controls.
1.12 Perform such other functions as the 
Board may determine.
1.13 Sub-delegate any of its powers within 
its terms of reference as listed above 
from time to time as the Committee 
may deem fit.
C. 
Nominating Committee
1.1 
Recommend to the Board the 
appointment/re-appointment 
of directors.
1.2 
Annual review of balance and 
diversity of skills, experience, 
gender and knowledge required 
by the Board, and the size of the 
Board which would facilitate  
decision making.
1.3 
Annual review of independence of 
each director, and to ensure that the 
Board comprises at least one-third 
independent directors. In this connection, 
the Nominating Committee should 
conduct particularly rigorous review 
of the independence of any director 
who has  served on the Board beyond 
nine years from the date of his/her 
first appointment.
1.4 
Decide, where a director has other 
listed company board representation 
and/or other principal commitments, 
whether the director is able to and 
has been adequately carrying out  
his/her duties as director of 
the Company.
1.5 
Recommend to the Board the process 
for the evaluation of the performance 
of the Board, the board committees 
and individual directors, and propose 
objective performance criteria to 
assess the effectiveness of the Board 
as a whole and the contribution of 
each director.
1.6 
Annual assessment of the 
effectiveness of the Board as a 
whole and individual directors.
1.7 
Review the succession plans for the 
Board (in particular, the Chairman) 
and senior management (in particular, 
the CEO).
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   89
--------------------------------------------------Page 85--------------------------------------------------

Governance 
Corporate Governance
1.8 
Review talent development plans.
1.9 
Review the training and professional 
development programmes for 
Board members.
1.10 Review and, if deemed fit, approve 
recommendations for nomination of 
candidates as nominee director 
(whether as chairman or member) to 
the board of directors of investee 
companies which are:
(i) listed on the Singapore Exchange 
or any other stock exchange;
(ii) managers or trustee-managers of 
any collective investment schemes, 
business trusts, or any other trusts 
which are listed on the Singapore 
Exchange or any other stock 
exchange; and
(iii) parent companies of the Company’s 
core businesses which are unlisted.
1.11 Report to the Board on material 
matters and recommendations.
1.12 Review the Committee’s terms of 
reference annually and recommend 
any proposed changes to the Board.
1.13 Perform such other functions as the 
Board may determine.
1.14 Sub-delegate any of its powers within 
its terms of reference as listed above, 
from time to time as this Committee 
may deem fit.
D. 
Remuneration Committee
1.1  Review and recommend to the Board 
a framework of remuneration for 
Board members and key management 
personnel, and the specific remuneration 
packages for each director as well as 
for the key management personnel.
1.2 
Review the Company’s obligations 
arising in the event of termination 
of the executive directors’ and key 
management personnel’s contracts 
of service, to ensure that such clauses 
are fair and reasonable and not 
overly generous.  
1.3 
Consider whether directors should be 
eligible for benefits under long-term 
incentive schemes (including weighing 
the use of share schemes against the 
other types of long-term incentive 
scheme).
1.4 
Administer the Company’s employee 
share option scheme (the “KCL Share 
Option Scheme”), and the Company’s 
Restricted Share Plan and Performance 
Share Plan (collectively, the “KCL Share 
Plans”), in accordance with the rules 
of the KCL Share Option Scheme and 
KCL Share Plans. 
1.5 
Report to the Board on material 
matters and recommendations.
1.6 
Review the Committee’s terms 
of reference annually and recommend 
any proposed changes to the Board.
1.7 
Perform such other functions as the 
Board may determine.
1.8 
Sub-delegate any of its powers within 
its terms of reference as listed above, 
from time to time as the Committee 
may deem fit.
Save that a member of this Committee 
shall not be involved in the deliberations in 
respect of any remuneration, compensation, 
award of shares or any form of benefits to 
be granted to him/her.
E. 
Board Safety Committee 
1.1 
Ensure there is a set of Group HSE 
policies and standards to guide 
HSE operation and performance 
across the Group. 
1.2 
Monitor HSE performance of the 
Group companies, analyse trends and 
accident root causes, and recommend 
or propose Group-wide initiatives for 
improvement where appropriate to 
ensure a robust HSE management 
system is maintained. 
1.3 
Structure an audit programme of 
Group companies’ HSE management 
programme to verify effectiveness 
and use its resources to lead the 
execution of such audits, drawing 
additional resources from the line 
where needed. 
1.4 
Ensure a process is in place to have 
fatalities and other major incidents 
investigated by an independent and 
competent team. 
1.5 
Review serious accident and near 
miss incident investigation reports 
timely to understand underlying root 
causes and introduce Group-wide 
initiatives or remedial measures 
where appropriate. 
1.6 
Ensure that each Group company 
complies with HSE legislation in the 
country in which it operates as a 
minimum and review any emerging or 
new legislations that may potentially 
impact the Group company. 
1.7 
Keep abreast of developments in the 
HSE world, discuss such developments 
and best practices and consider the 
desirability of implementation in 
the Group. 
1.8 
Introduce actions to enhance safety 
awareness and culture within the Group. 
1.9 
Ensure that the safety functions in Group 
companies are adequately resourced 
(in terms of number, qualification and 
budget) and have appropriate standing 
within the organisation. 
1.10 Review the major changes to HSE risk 
profile of each Group company that has 
changed or will change as a result of 
new business, new market, new product, 
etc. and the steps taken to monitor, 
control and mitigate such risks.
Nature of Current Directors’ Appointments and Membership on Board Committees
Committee Membership
Director
Board Membership
Audit
Nominating
Remuneration
Risk
Safety
Lee Boon Yang
Chairman
–
Member
Member
–
Member
Loh Chin Hua
Chief Executive Officer
–
–
–
–
Member
Tow Heng Tan
Non-Independent & Non-Executive
–
Member
Member
Member
–
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai
Independent
Member
Member
–
–
–
Tan Ek Kia
Independent
Member
–
–
Member
Chairman
Danny Teoh
Independent
Chairman
–
Member
Member
–
Tan Puay Chiang
Independent
–
Chairman
–
–
Member
Till Vestring
Independent
–
Member
Chairman
–
–
Veronica Eng
Independent
Member
–
–
Chairman
–
Jean-François Manzoni
Independent
–
–
–
Member
–
90   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 86--------------------------------------------------

1.11 Consider management’s proposals on 
safety-related matters. 
1.12 Carry out such investigations into 
safety-related matters as the 
Committee deems fit. 
1.13 Report to the Board on material 
matters, findings and recommendations. 
1.14 Perform such other functions as the 
Board may determine. 
1.15 Sub-delegate any of its powers within 
its terms of reference as listed above 
from time to time as the Committee 
may deem fit.
Board Assessment 
Evaluation Processes
Board
Each board member is required to complete 
a Board Evaluation Questionnaire and send 
the Questionnaire directly to the Independent 
Co-ordinator (“IC”) within five working days. 
An “Explanatory Note’” is attached to the 
Questionnaire to clarify the background, 
rationale and objectives of the various 
performance criteria used in the Board 
Evaluation Questionnaire with the aim of 
achieving consistency in the understanding 
and interpretation of the questions. Based 
on the returns from each of the directors, 
the IC prepares a consolidated report and 
briefs the Chairman of the Nominating 
Committee (“NC”) and the Board Chairman on 
the report. Thereafter, the IC presents the report 
to the Board for discussion on the changes 
which should be made to help the Board 
discharge its duties more effectively.
Individual Directors
The Board differentiates the assessment of 
an executive director from that of a NED.
In the case of the assessment of the 
individual executive director, each NED 
is required to complete the executive 
director’s assessment form and send the 
form directly to the IC within five working 
days. It is emphasised that the purpose of 
the assessment is to assess the executive 
director on his performance on the Board 
(as opposed to his executive performance). 
The executive director is not required to 
perform a self, nor a peer, assessment. 
Based on the returns from each of the NEDs, 
the IC prepares a consolidated report and 
briefs the NC Chairman and Board Chairman 
on the report. Thereafter, the IC presents 
the report to the Board for discussion. 
The NC Chairman will in consultation with 
the Board Chairman thereafter meet with 
the executive director, where necessary, 
to provide feedback to the executive 
director on his board performance with a 
view to improving his board performance 
and shareholder value. 
As for the assessment of the performance 
of the NEDs, each director (both NEDs and 
executive director) is required to complete 
the NED’s assessment form and send the 
form directly to the IC within five working 
days. Each NED is also required to perform 
a self-assessment in addition to a peer 
assessment. Based on the returns, the IC 
prepares a consolidated report and briefs 
the NC Chairman and Board Chairman 
on the report. Thereafter, the IC presents 
the report to the Board for discussion at a 
meeting of the NEDs. The NC Chairman will 
in consultation with the Board Chairman 
thereafter meet with the NEDs individually, 
where necessary, to provide feedback 
to the NEDs on their respective board 
performance with a view to improving their 
board performance and shareholder value. 
Chairman
The Chairman Evaluation Form is completed 
by each director (both non-executive and 
executive) and sent directly to the IC within 
five working days. Based on the returns, 
the IC prepares a consolidated report and 
briefs the NC Chairman and Board Chairman 
on the report. Thereafter, the IC presents 
the report to the Board for discussion.
Performance Criteria
The performance criteria for the board 
evaluation are in respect of the board size, 
board and board committee composition, 
board independence, board processes, 
board information and accountability, 
board performance in relation to discharging 
its principal functions and ensuring the 
integrity and quality of financial reporting 
to stakeholders and board committee 
performance in relation to discharging 
their responsibilities set out in their 
respective terms of reference.
The individual director’s performance criteria 
are categorised into four segments; namely, 
(1) interactive skills (under which factors as 
to whether the director works well with other 
directors, and participates actively are taken 
into account); (2) knowledge (under which 
factors as to the director’s industry and 
business knowledge, functional expertise, 
whether he/she provides valuable inputs,  
his/her ability to analyse, communicate and 
contribute to the productivity of meetings, 
and his/her understanding of finance and 
accounts, are taken into consideration); 
(3) director’s duties (under which factors 
as to the director’s board committee work 
contribution, whether the director takes  
his/her role of director seriously and works 
to further improve his/her own performance, 
whether he/she listens and discusses 
objectively and exercises independent 
judgement, and meeting preparation are 
taken into consideration); and (4) availability 
(under which the director’s attendance at 
board and board committee meetings, 
whether he/she is available when needed, 
and his/her informal contribution via email, 
telephone, written notes etc are considered).
The assessment of the Chairman of 
the Board is based on, among others, 
his ability to lead, whether he established 
Keppel’s Board Safety 
Committee regularly 
conducts site visits to the 
Group’s operations such 
as the Keppel Marina 
East Desalination Plant 
in Singapore. 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   91
--------------------------------------------------Page 87--------------------------------------------------

Governance 
Corporate Governance
proper procedures to ensure the effective 
functioning of the Board, whether he 
ensured that the time devoted to board 
meetings were appropriate (in terms of 
number of meetings held a year and 
duration of each board meeting) for 
effective discussion and decision making 
by the Board, whether he ensured that 
information provided to the Board was 
adequate (in terms of adequacy and 
timeliness) for the Board to make informed 
and considered decisions, whether he 
guided discussions effectively so that 
there was timely resolution of issues, 
whether he ensured that meetings were 
conducted in a manner that facilitated 
open communication and meaningful 
participation, and whether he ensured that 
board committees were formed where 
appropriate, with clear terms of reference, 
to assist the Board in the discharge of its 
duties and responsibilities.
Keppel Whistle-Blower Policy 
Keppel Whistle-Blower Policy (the “Policy”) 
took effect on 1 September 2004 and 
was enhanced on 15 February 2017 to 
encourage reporting in good faith of 
suspected Reportable Conduct (as defined 
below) by establishing clearly defined and 
centralised processes through which such 
reports may be made with confidence 
that employees and other persons making 
such reports will be treated fairly and, to 
the extent possible, protected from reprisal.
Reportable Conduct refers to any act or 
omission by an employee of the Group or 
contract worker appointed by a company 
within the Group, which occurred in the 
course of his/her work (whether or not 
the act is within the scope of his/her 
employment) which in the view of a 
Whistle-Blower acting in good faith, is:
(a) dishonest, including but not limited to theft 
or misuse of resources within the Group;
(b) fraudulent;
(c) corrupt;
(d) illegal;
(e) other serious improper conduct;
(f) an unsafe work practice; or
(g) any other conduct which may cause 
financial or non-financial loss to the Group 
or damage to the Group’s reputation.
A person who files a report or provides 
evidence which he/she knows to be false, or 
without a reasonable belief in the truth and 
accuracy of such information, will not be 
protected by the Policy and may be subject 
to administrative and/or disciplinary action.
Similarly, a person may be subject to 
administrative and/or disciplinary action if 
he/she subjects (i) a person who has made 
or intends to make a report in accordance 
with the Policy, or (ii) a person who was 
called or may be called as a witness, to any 
form of reprisal which would not have 
occurred if he/she did not intend to, or 
had not made the report or be a witness.
The General Manager (Internal Audit) is 
the Receiving Officer for the purposes 
of the Policy and is responsible for the 
administration, implementation and 
overseeing ongoing compliance with the 
Policy. She reports directly to the Audit 
Committee (AC) Chairman on all matters 
arising under the Policy.
Reporting Mechanism
The Policy emphasises that the role of the 
Whistle-Blower is as a reporting party, and 
that Whistle-Blowers are not to investigate, 
or determine the appropriate corrective or 
remedial actions that may be warranted. 
Employees are encouraged to report 
suspected Reportable Conduct to their 
respective supervisors who are responsible 
for promptly informing the Receiving Officer, 
who in turn is required to promptly report to 
the AC Chairman, of any such report. The 
supervisor must not start any investigation 
in any event. If any of the persons in the 
reporting line prefers not to disclose the 
matter to the supervisor and/or Receiving 
Officer (as the case may be), he/she may 
make the report directly to the Receiving 
Officer or the AC Chairman.
Other Whistle-Blowers may report a 
suspected Reportable Conduct directly 
to the Receiving Officer or the AC Chairman, 
or via the whistle-blower reporting channels 
that the Group has established. There is an 
email hotline (kpmgethicsline@kpmg.com) 
and local toll-free numbers in Singapore, 
Brazil, China, USA, Vietnam, Indonesia, 
Philippines, Australia, UK and Germany. 
Manning of the whistle-blower hotline has 
been outsourced to a third party (KPMG) 
and provides for reporting in the languages 
listed above. KPMG also maintains the 
aforementioned email hotline and an 
on line portal, the link to which is available 
on the “Contact Us” section of the 
Company’s website at www.kepcorp.com.
All reports and related communications 
made will be documented by the person 
first receiving the report. The information 
disclosed should be as precise as possible 
so as to allow for proper assessment of the 
nature, extent and urgency of preliminary 
investigative procedures to be undertaken.
Investigation
Every Protected Report (referring to a report 
made in good faith that discloses suspected 
Reportable Conduct) received will be 
assessed by the Receiving Officer, who will 
review the information disclosed, interview 
the Whistle-Blower(s) when required and if 
contactable and, either exercising her own 
discretion or in consultation with the 
Investigation Advisory Committee, make 
recommendations to the AC Chairman as 
to whether the circumstances warrant an 
investigation. If the AC Chairman or the AC 
(if the AC Chairman consults the other AC 
members), determines that an investigation 
should be carried out, the AC Chairman or 
the AC (as the case may be) shall determine 
the appropriate investigative process to be 
employed and the corrective or remedial 
actions (if any) to be taken. The AC Chairman 
and the Investigation Advisory Committee 
(if consulted) will use their respective best 
endeavours to ensure that there is no 
conflict of interests on the part of any 
person involved in the investigations. 
The Investigation Advisory Committee 
(comprising of representatives from each 
of the Group HR, Group Legal and Group Risk 
& Compliance departments), or such other 
representatives as the AC mat determine) 
assists the AC Chairman with overseeing 
the investigation process and any matters 
arising therefrom. 
All employees have a duty to cooperate 
with investigations initiated under the Policy. 
An employee may be placed on administrative 
leave or investigatory leave when it is 
determined by the AC Chairman that it 
would be in the best interests of the 
employee, the Company or both. Such leave 
is not to be interpreted as an accusation or 
a conclusion of guilt or innocence of any 
employee, including the employee on leave. 
All participants in the investigation must also 
refrain from discussing or disclosing the 
investigation or their testimony with anyone 
not connected to the investigation. In no 
circumstance should such persons discuss 
matters relating to the investigation with 
the person(s) who is/are subject(s) of the 
investigation (“Investigation Subject(s)”). 
Identities of Whistle-Blowers, participants 
of the investigations and the Investigation 
Subject(s) will be kept confidential to the 
extent possible.
No Reprisal
No person will be subject to any reprisal 
for having made a report in accordance 
with the Policy or having participated in 
the investigation. 
Any reprisal suffered may be reported to 
the Receiving Officer (who shall refer the 
matter to the AC Chairman) or directly 
to the AC Chairman. The AC Chairman 
shall review the matter and determine 
the appropriate actions to be taken. Any 
protection does not extend to situations 
where the Whistle-Blower or witness has 
committed or abetted the Reportable 
Conduct that is the subject of allegation. 
However, the AC Chairman will take 
into account the fact that he or she has 
cooperated as a Whistle-Blower or a witness 
in determining the suitable disciplinary 
measure to be taken against him/her.
92   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 88--------------------------------------------------

Appendix 2
Rule 720(6) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST
The information required under Rule 720(6) read with Appendix 7.4.1 of the Listing Manual in respect of Directors whom the Company is 
seeking re-election by shareholders at the annual general meeting to be held in 2019 is set out below.
Name of Director
Alvin Yeo
Tan Ek Kia
Loh Chin Hua
Jean-François Manzoni
Date of Appointment
1 June 2009
1 October 2010
1 January 2014
1 October 2018
Date of last re-appointment (if applicable)
19 April 2016
19 April 2016
19 April 2016
N.A.
Age
57
70
57
57
Country of principal residence
Singapore
Singapore
Singapore
Switzerland
The Board’s comments on this appointment 
(including rationale, selection criteria, and the 
search and nomination process)
The process for succession planning for the Board, appointment of directors, and the re-nomination 
and re-election of Directors to the Board, is set out in pages 73 to 76 of this Annual Report.
Whether the appointment is executive, and if so, 
the area of responsibility
Non-executive
Non-executive
Executive
Non-executive
Job Title (e.g. Lead ID, AC Chairman, 
AC Member etc.)
Non-executive and 
Independent Director; 
Audit Committee 
(Member); Nominating 
Committee (Member)
Non-executive and 
Independent Director; 
Board Safety 
Committee (Chairman); 
Board Risk Committee 
(Member); Audit 
Committee (Member)
Executive Director 
and Chief Executive 
Officer; Board Safety 
Committee (Member)
Non-executive and 
Independent Director; 
Board Risk Committee 
(Member)
Professional qualifications
LLB Honours, King’s 
College London; 
University of London
Gray’s Inn (Barrister-
at-Law);
Senior Counsel, 
Singapore
BSc Mech Eng 
(First Class Hons), 
Nottingham University, 
UK; Management 
Development 
Programme, 
International Institute 
for Management 
Development Lausanne, 
Switzerland; Fellow of 
the Institute of 
Engineers, Malaysia
Chartered Engineer of 
Engineering Council, UK;
Member of Institute of 
Mechanical Engineer, UK
Bachelor in Property 
Administration, 
Auckland University; 
Presidential Key 
Executive MBA, 
Pepperdine University; 
CFA® charterholder
DBA, Harvard Business 
School, Boston; 
MBA, McGill University, 
Montreal ; Bachelor, 
Business Administration; 
l’Ecole des Hautes 
Etudes Commerciales 
de Montréal; Fellow of 
the Singapore Institute 
of Directors
Working experience and occupation(s) during 
the past 10 years
2007 to Present
Chairman & 
Senior Partner, 
WongPartnership LLP
Non-executive 
directorship role in 
various companies and 
full time executive as 
interim CEO of SMRT 
Corporation Ltd in 
year 2012.
1 Jan 2014 to Present: 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Keppel Corporation 
1 Jan 2012 to 31 Dec 
2013: Chief Financial 
Officer, Keppel 
Corporation 
19 Sep 2011 to Present: 
Chairman, Alpha 
Investment Partners 
Limited
1 May 2003 to 31 Dec 
2011: Managing 
Director, Alpha 
Investment Partners 
Limited
2016 to Present:  
IMD (the International 
Institute for Management 
Development) Switzerland
2011 to 2016:
INSEAD Singapore
Shell Chair in Human 
Resources and 
Organisational 
Development and 
Professor of 
Management Practice
2004 to 2010:  
IMD Singapore, 
Professor of Leadership 
and Organisational 
Development
Shareholding interest in the listed issuer and 
its subsidiaries
44,225 (direct interests) 
and 42,000 (deemed 
interests)
42,825 (direct interests) 1,310,592 (direct 
interest) and 38,500 
(deemed interest)
Nil
Any relationship (including immediate family 
relationships) with any existing director, existing 
executive officer, the issuer and/or substantial 
shareholder of the listed issuer or of any of its 
principal subsidiaries
No
No
No
No
Conflict of interest (including any 
competing business)
No
No
No
No
Undertaking (in the format set out in Appendix 7.7) 
under Rule 720(1) has been submitted to the 
listed issuer
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   93
--------------------------------------------------Page 89--------------------------------------------------

Governance 
Corporate Governance
Appendix 2
Rule 720(6) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST
Name of Director
Alvin Yeo
Tan Ek Kia
Loh Chin Hua
Jean-François Manzoni
Other Principal Commitments including 
Directorships
– Past (for the last 5 years)
Singapore Land 
Limited; Tuas Power 
Ltd; Thomson Medical 
Pte. Ltd.
CitySpring 
Infrastructure 
Management Pte Ltd 
(as Trustee-Manager of 
CitySpring Infrastructure 
Trust); City Gas Pte Ltd
KrisEnergy Ltd;
Keppel REIT 
Management Limited 
(Manager of Keppel 
REIT); Various fund 
companies under 
management of 
Alpha Investment 
Partners Limited
Singapore Civil 
Service College
Other Principal Commitments including Directorships
– Present
United Industrial 
Corporation Limited; 
United Overseas Bank 
Limited; Valencia C.F
KrisEnergy Ltd (Chairman);
PT Chandra Asri 
Petrochemical Tbk;
Transocean Ltd; SMRT 
Corporation Ltd;
Keppel Offshore & 
Marine Ltd; Star Energy 
Group Holdings Pte Ltd 
(Chairman); Dialog 
Systems (Asia) Pte Ltd; 
Singapore LNG 
Corporation Pte Ltd
Keppel 
Telecommunication & 
Transportation Ltd 
(Chairman); Keppel 
Offshore & Marine Ltd 
(Chairman); Keppel 
Land Limited (Chairman); 
Keppel Infrastructure 
Holdings Pte. Ltd. 
(Chairman); Keppel 
Capital Holdings Pte. 
Ltd. (Chairman); Keppel 
Care Foundation Limited
IMD Foundation Board;
Association to Advance 
Collegiate Schools of 
Business (AACSB) 
International
(k) Whether he has been the subject of any  
current or past investigation or disciplinary 
proceedings, or has been reprimanded or  
issued any warning, by the Monetary Authority  
of Singapore or any other regulatory authority, 
exchange, professional body or government 
agency, whether in Singapore or elsewhere?
Yes
Mr Yeo is the subject 
of an investigation  
by the Law Society/
disciplinary tribunal  
in relation to 
WongPartnership’s 
representation of an 
elderly individual, in 
Court proceedings 
brought by family 
members to appoint 
Deputies to take 
charge of her assets, 
which were ultimately 
granted by the Court. 
The investigation  
is ongoing.
No
No
No
Any prior experience as a director of an issuer 
listed on the Exchange?
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
If yes, please provide details of prior experience.
Please see above 
in relation to Other 
Principal Commitments 
including Directorships 
(both Past and Present)
Please see above in 
relation to Other 
Principal Commitments 
including Directorships 
(both Past and Present)
Please see above in 
relation to Other 
Principal Commitments 
including Directorships 
(both Past and Present)
Please see above in 
relation to Other 
Principal Commitments 
including Directorships 
(both Past and Present)
If no, please state if the director has attended 
or will be attending training on the roles and 
responsibilities of a director of a listed issuer 
as prescribed by the Exchange.
Please provide details of relevant experience 
and the nominating committee’s reasons for 
not requiring the director to undergo training 
as prescribed by the Exchange (if applicable).
N.A.
N.A.
N.A.
N.A.
94   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 90--------------------------------------------------

Code of Corporate Governance 2012
Guidelines for Disclosure
Guideline 
Questions
How has the Company complied?
General
(a) Has the Company complied with all the 
principles and guidelines of the Code? If not, 
please state the specific deviations and the 
alternative corporate governance practices 
adopted by the Company in lieu of the 
recommendations in the Code. 
Yes.
(b) In what respect do these alternative 
corporate governance practices achieve 
the objectives of the principles and 
conform to the guidelines in the Code? 
N.A.
Board Responsibility
Guideline 1.5 
What are the types of material transactions 
which require approval from the Board?  
All transactions exceeding $150 million by any Group company (not separately 
listed) require the approval of the Board. For transactions between $30 million 
and $150 million, IMPAC will determine if Board approval is required, 
depending on the individual considerations for each case.
Members of the Board 
Guideline 2.6
(a) What is the Board’s policy with 
regards to diversity in identifying 
director nominees? 
The Nominating Committee (NC) reviews annually the balance and mix 
of skills, knowledge, experience, and other aspects of diversity such as 
gender and age, and the size of the Board which would facilitate decision 
making. Thereafter, in consultation with management, the NC assesses 
if there is any inadequate representation in respect of any of those 
attributes and if so, determines the role and the desirable competencies 
for a particular appointment. 
(b) Please state whether the current 
composition of the Board provides diversity 
on each of the following – skills, experience, 
gender and knowledge of the Company, and 
elaborate with numerical data where 
appropriate. 
The NC is satisfied that the Board and the board committees comprise 
directors who as a group provide an appropriate balance and mix of skills, 
knowledge, experience, and other aspects of diversity such as gender and 
age. The NC is also satisfied that the directors, as a group, possess core 
competencies including accounting or finance, business or management 
experience, human resource, risk management, technology, mergers and 
acquisitions, legal, international perspective, industry knowledge, strategic 
planning experience and customer-based experience or knowledge, 
required for the Board and the board committees to be effective.
(c) What steps has the Board taken to achieve 
the balance and diversity necessary to 
maximise its effectiveness? 
There is a process of refreshing the Board progressively. 
See Guideline 4.6 below on process for nomination of new directors and 
Board succession planning.
Guideline 4.6
Please describe the board nomination process 
for the Company in the last financial year for
(i) selecting and appointing new directors and
(ii) re-electing incumbent directors. 
For new directors
(a) The NC reviewed the balance and mix of skills, knowledge, experience, 
and other aspects of diversity such as gender and age, and the size of 
the Board which would facilitate decision-making. In this review, the NC 
also took into account the needs of the Group, the collective skills and 
competencies of the Board and service tenure spread of the directors. 
In the year under review (FY 2018), for purposes of Board succession 
planning, the NC also took into consideration the 2018 CG Code and the 
amendments to the SGX Listing Rules relating to the continued 
appointment as “independent directors” of a director who has served for 
an aggregate period of more than nine years, bearing in mind that these 
rules would come into effect from 1 January 2022.
(b) In the light of such review and in consultation with management, the NC 
assessed if there was any inadequate representation in respect of any of 
those attributes and determined the role and the desirable competencies 
for a particular appointment. 
(c) NC met with the short-listed candidates to assess suitability and to 
ensure that the candidates are aware of the expectations and the level of 
commitment required.
(d) NC made recommendations to the Board for approval.
For incumbent directors
Pursuant to the Company’s constitution, one-third of the directors retire 
from office at the Company’s annual general meeting, and a newly appointed 
director must submit him/herself for re-election at the annual general 
meeting immediately following his/her appointment.
NC recommended the re-nomination of directors to the Board for approval, having 
regard to the director’s contribution and performance (such as attendance, 
preparedness, participation and candour), with reference to the results of the 
assessment of the performance of the individual director by his/her peers. 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   95
--------------------------------------------------Page 91--------------------------------------------------

Governance 
Corporate Governance
Code of Corporate Governance 2012
Guidelines for Disclosure
Guideline 
Questions
How has the Company complied?
Guideline 1.6
(a)  Are new directors given formal training? 
If not, please explain why. 
Yes, all new directors undergo a comprehensive orientation programme. 
(b)  What are the types of information and 
training provided to (i) new directors and 
(ii) existing directors to keep them 
up-to-date? 
All directors are provided with continuing education in areas such 
as directors’ duties and responsibilities, corporate governance, changes in 
financial reporting standards, changes in the Companies Act, continuing 
listing obligations and industry-related matters. 
A training programme is also in place for directors in areas such as accounting, 
finance, risk governance and management, the roles and responsibilities of a 
director of a listed company and industry specific matters.
Sites visits are also conducted periodically for directors to familiarise 
them with the operations of the various businesses so as to enhance their 
performance as board or board committee members.
Guideline 4.4
(a)  What is the maximum number of listed 
company board representations that 
the Company has prescribed for its 
directors? What are the reasons for  
this number? 
N.A.
(b)  If a maximum number has not been 
determined, what are the reasons?  
Instead of fixing a maximum number of listed company board 
representations and/or other principal commitments that a director may 
have, the NC assesses holistically whether a director is able to and has been 
adequately carrying out his/her duties as a director of the Company, taking 
into account considerations as set out below.  
(c)  What are the specific considerations in 
deciding on the capacity of directors?  
The NC takes into account the results of the annual assessment of the 
effectiveness of the individual director, the level of commitment required of 
the director’s other principal commitments, and the director’s actual conduct 
and participation on the Board and board committees, including availability 
and attendance at regular scheduled meetings and ad-hoc meetings, in 
determining whether a director with other listed company board representations 
and/or other principal commitments is able to and has been adequately 
carrying out his/her duties as a director of the Company.
Board Evaluation 
Guideline 5.1 
(a)  What was the process upon which the 
Board reached the conclusion on its 
performance for the financial year? 
An independent third party (the “Independent Co-ordinator”) was appointed 
to assist in collating and analysing the returns of the board members for the 
annual assessment. Based on the returns from each of the directors, the 
Independent Co-ordinator prepared a consolidated report and briefed the 
Chairman of the NC and the Board Chairman on the report. Thereafter, the 
Independent Co-ordinator presented the report to the Board for discussion 
on the changes which should be made to help the Board discharge its duties 
more effectively.
The detailed process is set out on page 91 of the Corporate Governance Report.
(b)  Has the Board met its performance 
objectives?        
Yes.
96   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 92--------------------------------------------------

Code of Corporate Governance 2012
Guidelines for Disclosure
Guideline 
Questions
How has the Company complied?
Independence 
of Directors
Guideline 2.1
Does the Company comply with the guideline 
on the proportion of independent directors on 
the Board? If not, please state the reasons for 
the deviation and the remedial action taken 
by the Company.
Yes.
Guideline 2.3
(a)  Is there any director who is deemed to be 
independent by the Board, notwithstanding 
the existence of a relationship as stated in 
the Code that would otherwise deem him 
not to be independent? If so, please identify 
the director and specify the nature of 
such relationship. 
Yes. 
Mr Alvin Yeo is Senior Partner of WongPartnership LLP which is one of the 
law firms providing legal services to the Keppel Group. 
Mr Tan Ek Kia is a non-executive and independent director on the board of 
TransOcean Ltd which has business dealings with the Keppel Offshore & 
Marine Group, and he is also the independent non-executive chairman of 
KrisEnergy Ltd which has an IPT framework agreement with the Company 
and its subsidiaries.
(b) What are the Board’s reasons for 
considering him independent?  
Please provide a detailed explanation. 
Mr Alvin Yeo had declared to the NC that although he is a partner with a 
5% or more stake in WongPartnership LLP, he did not involve himself in the 
selection and appointment of legal advisers for the Group, and that he 
supported the selection of legal advisers based on assessment of quality, 
and for their remuneration to be based on market rate.  In addition, the NC 
noted that Keppel Infrastructure (KI) management had, of their own accord, 
appointed Mr Yeo as lead counsel to represent KI in its arbitration proceedings 
with the State of Qatar in relation to the Doha South Waste Management 
Centre project, based on merit and taking into consideration the complexity 
of the matter. Taking these factors into consideration together with Mr Yeo’s 
comments, along with his active participation and actual performance on 
the Board and board committees in the discharge of his duties, his valuable 
contributions to the Board and board committees, and the outcome of the 
recent self and peer Individual Director Performance assessment, the NC 
unanimously agreed that Mr Yeo has at all times exercised independent 
judgement in the best interests of the Company in the discharge of his 
director’s duties and should therefore continue to be deemed an 
independent director.
Mr Tan Ek Kia had declared to the NC that (i) he was not involved in the 
negotiation of contracts or business dealings between TransOcean with the 
Keppel Offshore & Marine Group, and (ii) the IPT framework agreement with 
KrisEnergy is renewed annually by a vote of the independent shareholders 
of KrisEnergy and he abstains from making any recommendations to the 
board and shareholders of KrisEnergy and from voting in respect of such 
agreement. The NC also took into account Mr Tan’s active participation 
and actual performance on the Board and board committees, his valuable 
contributions to the Board and board committees and the outcome of the 
recent self and peer Individual Director Performance assessment, and 
unanimously agreed that Mr Tan has at all times exercised independent 
judgement in the best interests of the Company in the discharge of 
his director’s duties and should therefore continue to be deemed an 
independent director.
Guideline 2.4
Has any independent director served on the 
Board for more than nine years from the date of 
his first appointment? If so, please identify the 
director and set out the Board’s reasons for 
considering him independent. 
Yes. Dr Lee Boon Yang and Mr Alvin Yeo have both served beyond nine years 
since their respective first appointments. 
In relation to Dr Lee, taking into consideration, among other things, his active 
participation and actual performance on the Board and board committees in 
the discharge of his duties, his valuable contributions to the board and board 
committees and leadership as Chairman, and the outcome of the recent 
self and peer Individual Director Performance assessment, the NC agreed 
unanimously that Dr Lee has at all times exercised independent judgement 
in the best interests of the Company in the discharge of his director’s duties 
and should therefore continue to be deemed an Independent Director.
In relation to Mr Alvin Yeo, please see above the NC’s reasons for 
considering him independent.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   97
--------------------------------------------------Page 93--------------------------------------------------

Governance 
Corporate Governance
Code of Corporate Governance 2012
Guidelines for Disclosure
Guideline 
Questions
How has the Company complied?
Disclosure on 
Remuneration
Guideline 9.2
Has the Company disclosed each director’s and 
the CEO’s remuneration as well as a breakdown 
(in percentage or dollar terms) into base/fixed 
salary, variable or performance-related income/
bonuses, benefits in kind, stock options 
granted, share-based incentives and awards, 
and other long-term incentives? If not, what are 
the reasons for not disclosing so?
Yes.
Guideline 9.3
(a)  Has the Company disclosed each key 
management personnel’s remuneration, in 
bands of $250,000 or in more detail, as well 
as a breakdown (in percentage or dollar 
terms) into base/fixed salary, variable or 
performance-related income/bonuses, 
benefits in kind, stock options granted, 
share-based incentives and awards, and 
other long-term incentives? If not, what are 
the reasons for not disclosing so? 
Yes.
(b) Please disclose the aggregate remuneration 
paid to the top five key management 
personnel (who are not directors or the CEO).
Aggregate remuneration paid to top five key management personnel: 
$12,137,512
Guideline 9.4
Is there any employee who is an immediate 
family member of a director or the CEO, 
and whose remuneration exceeds $50,000 
during the year? If so, please identify the 
employee and specify the relationship with 
the relevant director or the CEO. 
No.
Guideline 9.6
(a) Please describe how the remuneration 
received by executive directors and key 
management personnel has been 
determined by the performance criteria. 
The total remuneration mix comprises three key components; that is, 
annual fixed cash, annual performance bonus, and the KCL Share Plans. 
The annual fixed cash component comprises the annual basic salary plus 
any other fixed allowances which the Company benchmarks with the relevant 
industry market median. The annual performance bonus is tied to the 
Company’s, business unit’s and individual employee’s performance. The KCL 
Share Plans are in the form of two share plans approved by shareholders, 
the KCL Restricted Share Plans (“KCL RSP”) and the KCL Performance Share 
Plans (“KCL PSP”). The KCL Share Plans are long-term incentive plans. 
(b)  What were the performance conditions used 
to determine their entitlement under the 
short-term and long-term incentive 
schemes? 
The remuneration structure is directly linked to corporate and individual 
performance, both in terms of financial and non-financial performance. 
The key performance indicators (“KPIs”) for awarding of annual performance 
bonus are based on the four scorecard areas that the Company has 
identified as key to measuring the performance of the Group – (i) Financial 
and Business Drivers; (ii) Process; (iii) Stakeholders; and (iv) People. For the 
KCL PSP, performance conditions that are aligned with shareholder interests 
such as Total Shareholder Return, Return on Capital Employed and Net Profit 
are selected for equity awards.
(c)  Were all of these performance conditions met? 
If not, what were the reasons? 
The RC is satisfied that the quantum of performance-related bonuses 
and the value of shares vested under the KCL PSP and RSP to the senior 
executive directors, executive director and key management personnel was 
fair and appropriate taking into account the extent to which their KPIs and 
performance conditions for FY 2018 were met.
Please refer to pages 78 to 81 of the Corporate Governance Report for 
more details.
98   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 94--------------------------------------------------

Code of Corporate Governance 2012
Guidelines for Disclosure
Guideline 
Questions
How has the Company complied?
Risk Management  
and Internal Controls
Guideline 6.1
What types of information does the Company 
provide to independent directors to enable them 
to understand its business, the business and 
financial environment as well as the risks faced 
by the Company? How frequently is the 
information provided? 
The Company has adopted initiatives to put in place processes to ensure 
that the non-executive directors are well supported by accurate, complete 
and timely information, and have unrestricted access to management.
These initiatives include regular informal meetings for management to brief 
the directors on prospective deals and potential developments at an early 
stage before formal board approval is sought, and the circulation of relevant 
information on business initiatives, industry developments and analyst and 
press commentaries on matters in relation to the Company or the industries 
in which it operates. The Board also reviews the budget on an annual basis, 
and any material variance between the projections and actual results would 
be disclosed and explained.
A two-day off-site board strategy meeting is organised annually for in-depth 
discussion on strategic issues and direction of the Group, to give the 
non-executive directors a better understanding of the Group and its 
businesses and to provide an opportunity for the non-executive directors 
to familiarise themselves with the management team so as to facilitate 
the Board’s review of the Group’s succession planning and leadership 
development programme. Directors are also entitled to request from 
management, and would be provided with, such additional information 
as may be needed from time to time in order to make informed decisions.
Aside from board papers, management is also expected to provide the 
Board with accurate information in a timely manner concerning the 
Company’s progress or shortcomings in meeting its strategic business 
objectives or financial targets and other information relevant to the strategic 
issues facing the Company.
Management also provides the Board members with management 
accounts on a monthly basis and as the Board may require from time 
to time. Such reports keep the Board informed, on a balanced and 
understandable basis, of the Group’s performance, financial position 
and prospects.
Management surfaces key risk issues for discussion and confers with 
the Board Risk Committee and the Board regularly. The Board reviews 
the Group’s key risks and, on an annual basis, assesses the adequacy 
and effectiveness of the risk management system. 
Guideline 13.1 
Does the Company have an internal audit 
function? If not, please explain why. 
Yes.
Guideline 11.3
(a) In relation to the major risks faced by the 
Company, including financial, operational, 
compliance, information technology and 
sustainability, please state the bases for the 
Board’s view on the adequacy and 
effectiveness of the Company’s internal 
controls and risk management systems. 
The Board oversees the Group’s system of internal controls and 
risk management with the support from Audit Committee and 
Board Risk Committee. 
Board’s view on the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s internal 
controls is based on the Group’s framework of management control, the 
internal control policies and procedures established and maintained by the 
Group, and the regular audits, monitoring and reviews performed by the 
internal and external auditors. The Audit Committee has concurred with 
this view.
The Board’s view on the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk 
management system is based on the review of the Group’s governing 
framework, systems, policies and processes in addressing the key risks 
under the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management Framework, the monitoring 
and review of the Group’s overall performance and representation from the 
management. The Board Risk Committee has concurred with this view.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   99
--------------------------------------------------Page 95--------------------------------------------------

Governance 
Corporate Governance
Code of Corporate Governance 2012
Guidelines for Disclosure
Guideline 
Questions
How has the Company complied?
Guideline 11.3
(b) In respect of the past 12 months, has the 
Board received assurance from the CEO 
and the CFO as well as the internal auditor 
that: (i) the financial records have been 
properly maintained and the financial 
statements give true and fair view of 
the Company’s operations and finances; 
and (ii) the Company’s risk management 
and internal control systems are effective? 
If not, how does the Board assure itself of 
points (i) and (ii) above?
Yes. The Board has received assurance from the CEO and the CFO on points 
(i) and (ii), except for the matters described in sub-paragraph (2) below. The 
Board received assurance from the external auditor on the adequacy and 
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control systems.
(1) As part of the global resolution with the authorities, the Group has 
committed to strengthening the compliance and governance regime in 
Keppel O&M. Amongst others, it included a commitment to secure 
certification of ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery Management System and 
testing of the effectiveness of the policies and procedures put in place. 
In November 2018, Keppel O&M’s entities in Singapore achieved 
certification for the ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery Management System.
(2) Anti-bribery and corruption compliance audits were also performed 
during the year on entities within the Keppel O&M Group. These audits 
revealed that the enhanced policies and procedures put in place 
to-date were, in general, functioning as intended in the current year. 
The audits did, however, identify certain matters relating to contracts 
entered into several years ago which require follow-up actions and 
further review. Notwithstanding, based on currently available 
information, management is of the opinion that no additional 
provisions would be required in relation to these matters.
(3) With the Group’s enhanced compliance programme in place as part of 
the global resolution, there is reasonable assurance that the current 
internal controls are adequate and effective.
(4) The Group reiterates its zero tolerance for bribery and corruption and 
its commitment to continue to review its compliance measures and 
put in place effective and robust compliance and governance regimes 
to ensure that the Group secures business legally and ethically.
Guideline 12.6
(a)  Please provide a breakdown of the fees 
paid in total to the external auditors for 
audit and non-audit services for the 
financial year.  
The Group’s estimated audit fees payable to the external auditors of the 
Company and other auditors of subsidiaries for FY 2018 is $5,122,000. 
The Group’s non-audit services fees paid to external auditors of the 
Company and other auditors of subsidiaries amounted to $640,000.
(b) If the external auditors have supplied a 
substantial volume of non-audit services 
to the Company, please state the bases 
for the Audit Committee’s view on the 
independence of the external auditors.  
The Audit Committee undertook a review of the independence and 
objectivity of the external auditors through discussions with the external 
auditors as well as reviewing the non-audit fees awarded to them, and has 
confirmed that the non-audit services performed by the external auditors 
would not affect their independence.
100   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 96--------------------------------------------------

Code of Corporate Governance 2012
Guidelines for Disclosure
Guideline 
Questions
How has the Company complied?
Communication  
with Shareholders
Guideline 15.4
(a)  Does the Company regularly communicate 
with shareholders and attend to their 
questions? How often does the Company 
meet with institutional and retail investors? 
Yes. 
In FY 2018, the Company hosted about 216 meetings and conference calls 
with institutional investors, including several facility visits to its residential 
and commercial properties in China and Vietnam. Management also 
traveled on non-deal roadshows to meet overseas investors in the 
United States, the United Kingdom, Japan and Hong Kong. Such meetings 
provide useful platforms for management to engage with investors and 
analysts. In addition, the Company engaged retail shareholders through a 
Briefing to Retail Shareholders, organised with SIAS, during which senior 
management briefed about 120 retail shareholders on the Company’s 
strategy and performance.
(b) Is this done by a dedicated investor 
relations team (or equivalent)? If not, 
who performs this role? 
This role is performed by Group Communications Department 
(with assistance from the Group Control & Accounts and Group Legal 
departments, where required). 
(c)  How does the Company keep shareholders 
informed of corporate developments, apart 
from SGXNET announcements and the 
annual report? 
The Company employs various platforms to effectively engage 
shareholders and the investment community, with an emphasis on 
timely, accurate, fair and transparent disclosure of information. 
Engagement with shareholders and other stakeholders takes many 
forms, including “live” webcasts of quarterly results and presentations, 
email communications, publications and content on the Company’s 
corporate website, as well as through facility visits, where shareholders 
may raise any queries or concerns that they may have. The Company 
also attends selected conferences and overseas non-deal roadshows to 
engage institutional investors and shareholders. The Company engages 
retail shareholders at the general meeting. In addition, the Company has, 
since 2017, been collaborating with SIAS to hold briefings for retail 
shareholders. All materials presented on these occasions are also made 
available on the SGXNET and the Company’s website in a timely manner, 
to ensure fair disclosure of information for the benefit of all shareholders. 
In addition to shareholder meetings, senior management meets investors, 
analysts and the media, as well as travels on roadshows, and participates 
in selected conferences organised by major brokerage firms to solicit and 
understand the views of the investment community.
Guideline 15.5
If the Company is not paying any dividends 
for the financial year, please explain why. 
N.A.
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   101
--------------------------------------------------Page 97--------------------------------------------------

Code of Corporate Governance 2012
Specific Principles and Guidelines for Disclosure
Relevant Guideline or Principle
Page Reference in this Report
Guideline 1.3 
Delegation of authority, by the Board to any board committee, to make decisions on certain board matters  
Page 71
Guideline 1.4 
The number of meetings of the Board and board committees held in the year, as well as the attendance of every board 
member at these meetings  
Page 73
Guideline 1.5 
The type of material transactions that require board approval under guidelines 
Page 73
Guideline 1.6 
The induction, orientation and training provided to new and existing directors 
Page 73
Guideline 2.3 
The Board should identify in the company’s Annual Report each director it considers to be independent. Where the Board 
considers a director to be independent in spite of the existence of a relationship as stated in the Code that would otherwise 
deem a director not to be independent, the nature of the director’s relationship and the reasons for considering him as 
independent should be disclosed 
Pages 73 and 74
Guideline 2.4 
Where the Board considers an independent director, who has served on the Board for more than nine years from the date of 
his first appointment, to be independent, the reasons for considering him as independent should be disclosed. 
Pages 73 and 74
Guideline 3.1 
Relationship between the Chairman and the CEO where they are immediate family members  
N.A.
Guideline 4.1 
Names of the members of the NC and the key terms of reference of the NC, explaining its role and the authority delegated to 
it by the Board 
Pages 75, 89 and 90
Guideline 4.4 
The maximum number of listed company board representations which directors may hold should be disclosed 
Page 96
Guideline 4.6 
Process for the selection, appointment and re-appointment of new directors to the Board, including the search and 
nomination process 
Pages 75 and 76
Guideline 4.7 
Key information regarding directors, including which directors are executive, non-executive or considered by the 
NC to be independent 
Pages 22 to 25
Guideline 5.1 
The Board should state in the company’s Annual Report how assessment of the Board, its board committees and 
each director has been conducted. If an external facilitator has been used, the Board should disclose in the Company’s 
Annual Report whether the external facilitator has any other connection with the company or any of its directors. 
This assessment process should be disclosed in the company’s Annual Report 
Pages 91 and 92 
Guideline 7.1 
Names of the members of the RC and the key terms of reference of the RC, explaining its role and the authority delegated to 
it by the Board  
Pages 77 and 90
Guideline 7.3 
Names and firms of the remuneration consultants (if any) should be disclosed in the annual remuneration report, 
including a statement on whether the remuneration consultants have any relationships with the company 
Page 77
Guideline 9 
Clear disclosure of remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, and procedure for setting remuneration 
Pages 77 to 81
Guideline 9.1
Remuneration of directors, the CEO and at least the top five key management personnel (who are not also directors or the 
CEO) of the company. The annual remuneration report should include the aggregate amount of any termination, retirement 
and post-employment benefits that may be granted to directors, the CEO and the top five key management personnel 
(who are not directors or the CEO)
Pages 77 to 81
Guideline 9.2 
Fully disclose the remuneration of each individual director and the CEO on a named basis. There will be a breakdown 
(in percentage or dollar terms) of each director’s and the CEO’s remuneration earned through base/fixed salary, variable or 
performance-related income/bonuses, benefits in kind, stock options granted, share-based incentives and awards, and other 
long-term incentives 
Page 80
Governance 
Corporate Governance
102   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 98--------------------------------------------------

Code of Corporate Governance 2012
Specific Principles and Guidelines for Disclosure
Relevant Guideline or Principle
Page Reference in this Report
Guideline 9.3 
Name and disclose the remuneration of at least the top five key management personnel (who are not directors or the CEO) 
in bands of $250,000. There will be a breakdown (in percentage or dollar terms) of each key management personnel’s 
remuneration earned through base/fixed salary, variable or performance-related income/bonuses, benefits in kind, stock 
options granted, share-based incentives and awards, and other long-term incentives. In addition, the Company should 
disclose in aggregate the total remuneration paid to the top five key management personnel (who are not directors or the 
CEO). As best practice, companies are also encouraged to fully disclose the remuneration of the said top five key 
management personnel 
Page 81
Guideline 9.4 
Details of the remuneration of employees who are immediate family members of a director or the CEO, and whose 
remuneration exceeds $50,000 during the year. This will be done on a named basis with clear indication of the employee’s 
relationship with the relevant director or the CEO. Disclosure of remuneration should be in incremental bands of $50,000 
Page 80
Guideline 9.5 
Details and important terms of employee share schemes 
Pages 113 to 115 and 
149 to 151
Guideline 9.6 
For greater transparency, companies should disclose more information on the link between remuneration paid to the 
executive directors and key management personnel, and performance. The annual remuneration report should set out a 
description of performance conditions to which entitlement to short-term and long-term incentive schemes are subject, 
an explanation on why such performance conditions were chosen, and a statement of whether such performance conditions 
are met
Pages 78 to 81
Guideline 11.3 
The Board should comment on the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls, including financial, operational, 
compliance and information technology controls, and risk management systems 
The commentary should include information needed by stakeholders to make an informed assessment of the company’s 
internal control and risk management systems 
The Board should also comment on whether it has received assurance from the CEO and the CFO: (a) that the financial 
records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give true and fair view of the company’s operations 
and finances; and (b) regarding the effectiveness of the company’s risk management and internal control systems.
Pages 83 to 87
Guideline 12.1 
Names of the members of the AC and the key terms of reference of the AC, explaining its role and the authority delegated to 
it by the Board 
Pages 82, 88 and 89
Guideline 12.6 
Aggregate amount of fees paid to the external auditors for that financial year, and breakdown of fees paid in total for audit 
and non-audit services respectively, or an appropriate negative statement 
Pages 82 and 100
Guideline 12.7 
The existence of a whistle-blowing policy should be disclosed in the Company’s Annual Report 
Page 92
Guideline 12.8 
Summary of the AC’s activities and measures taken to keep abreast of changes to accounting standards and issues which 
have a direct impact on financial statements  
Pages 82 and 83
Guideline 12.9 
A former partner or director of the Company’s existing auditing firm or auditing corporation should not act as a member of 
the Company’s AC: (a) within a period of 12 months commencing on the date of his ceasing to be a partner of the auditing 
firm or director of the auditing corporation; and in any case (b) for as long as he has any financial interest in the auditing 
firm or auditing corporation
Page 82
Guideline 15.4 
The steps the Board has taken to solicit and understand the views of the shareholders e.g. through analyst briefings, investor 
roadshows or Investors’ Day briefings 
Pages 87 and 88
Guideline 15.5
Where dividends are not paid, companies should disclose their reasons. 
N.A. 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   103
--------------------------------------------------Page 99--------------------------------------------------

Risk Management
Governance 
We maintain a balanced 
approach to risk management, 
undertaking only appropriate 
and well-considered risks 
to optimise returns for 
our shareholders.
As an enterprise that seeks to deliver 
solutions for sustainable urbanisation, 
Keppel adopts a balanced approach to risk 
management, undertaking only appropriate 
and well-considered risks to optimise returns 
for our shareholders. Keppel’s risk management 
approach stems from the philosophy of seeking 
sustainable growth opportunities and creating 
economic value, while ensuring only appropriate 
and well-considered risks are assumed. 
Risk management is an integral part of the 
way in which we develop and execute our 
business strategies. It is consistent with our 
operating principles and belief that a holistic 
approach of balancing risks and rewards 
is key to delivering long-term value and 
growth for our shareholders. 
In 2018, we continued a disciplined pursuit 
of new opportunities, innovation and 
revenue streams to safeguard shareholders’ 
interests and the Group’s assets. Our robust 
risk-centric culture and risk management 
system have enabled us to continue to 
respond effectively to the dynamic business 
environment and shifting business demands 
to seize new value-added opportunities for 
our stakeholders.
Risk-Centric Culture
Effective risk management hinges not only 
on systems and processes, but equally on 
mindsets and attitudes. The Group fosters a 
risk-centric culture through several aspects. 
1. Leadership & Governance
 
Our management is fully committed to 
fostering a strong risk-centric culture and 
consistently demonstrate strong support 
for risk management in all initiatives. 
Key messages encouraging prudent 
risk-taking in decision making and business 
processes are interwoven into major 
meetings, speeches and publications. 
2. Framework & Values
 
When considering risks in daily 
activities, the Group’s management 
and staff are guided by our Enterprise 
Risk Management (ERM) framework; 
our core values of integrity, accountability, 
people centredness and safety, as well 
as our mission and vision to responsibly 
deliver sustainable urbanisation solutions 
in our chosen markets.
Through the Board Risk Committee (BRC), 
the Board provides valuable advice to 
management in formulating and implementing 
the risk management framework, policies 
and guidelines. Keppel’s management 
surfaces significant risk issues for discussion 
with the BRC and the Board to keep them 
apprised of key issues in a timely manner. 
The terms of reference for the BRC are 
disclosed on page 89 of this report. The Board 
has defined three risk tolerance guiding 
principles for the Group, which serves to 
determine the nature and extent of the 
significant risks which the Board is willing 
to take in achieving our strategic objectives. 
These principles are: 
1. Risk taken should be carefully evaluated, 
commensurate with rewards and in line 
with the Group’s core strengths and 
strategic objectives.
2. No risk arising from a single area of 
operation, investment or undertaking 
should be so huge as to endanger the 
entire Group.
3. The Group does not condone safety 
breaches or lapses, non-compliance 
with laws and regulations, as well as 
acts such as fraud, bribery and corruption. 
Keppel’s risk governance framework, set out 
on pages 83 to 87 under Principle 11 
(Risk Management and Internal Controls), 
facilitates management and the BRC in 
determining the adequacy and effectiveness 
of the Group’s risk management system. 
Risk management is an integral part of 
decision making across the Group. We are 
cognisant of the dynamic environment in which 
3. Process & Methods
 
An integral aspect of both strategic and 
operational decision making includes 
consideration and management of risks 
at all levels of the businesses. As part of 
the Group’s framework and process, the 
appropriate tools, techniques and risk 
management methodologies are applied, 
along with the requisite domain knowledge 
capabilities, in making decisions. 
4. Training & Communications
 
Training and communications are 
conducted regularly to enhance risk 
management competency across the 
Group. Through various forums and 
in-house publications, including different 
modes of training, risk management is 
reinforced as a discipline and developed 
through awareness and practice.
5. Transparency & Competency
 
We promote transparency in information 
sharing and escalation of risk-related 
matters. Risk identification and assessment 
are embedded in key control processes. 
A Group-wide survey is conducted 
periodically to assess risk awareness 
amongst employees.
6. Ownership & Accountability
 
To maintain our standards in risk 
management, we advocate ownership and 
accountability through the employee 
performance evaluation process.
Enterprise Risk Management Framework
Keppel’s Board is responsible for risk governance 
and ensures that management maintains a sound 
system of risk management and internal controls.
Risk-Centric  
Culture
Framework  
& Values
Leadership  
& Governance
Training &
Communications
Process &
Methods
Transparency  
& Competency
Ownership &
Accountability
104   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 100--------------------------------------------------

the Group operates and constantly enhance the 
framework and systems where necessary, to 
ensure strong risk governance across the Group.
Keppel’s ERM framework, a component of 
Keppel’s System of Management Controls, 
provides the Group with a systematic approach 
to risk management. It outlines the reporting 
structure, monitoring mechanisms, processes 
and tools, as well as policies and limits, 
applied in addressing the Group’s key risks.
Our ERM framework is constantly refined to 
ensure it remains relevant in our operating 
environment and where required, is tailored 
to the requirements of each business unit 
(BU) depending on specific industry practices 
and objectives. The framework takes reference 
from the Singapore Code of Corporate 
Governance, ISO 31000, ISO 22313 and the 
Guidebook for Board Risk Committees.
Our Risk and Compliance Committee, comprising 
relevant subject matter risk champions across 
the BUs, drives and coordinates Group-wide 
risk management activities and initiatives. 
The Committee’s activities are facilitated by 
regular bilateral and BU-level meetings to 
ensure that pertinent risks are identified, 
assessed and mitigated in a timely manner. 
We keep abreast of the latest developments 
and best practices through participation in 
industry seminars and interacting with risk 
management practitioners.
Keppel adopts a balanced approach to risk 
management. Whilst our financial performance 
and operating environment are influenced by a 
vast range of risk factors, we recognise that not 
all risks can be eliminated. We are committed 
to undertaking appropriate and well-considered 
risks to optimise returns for the Group.
Strategic Risks
Market & Competition
A large part of the Group’s strategic risks include 
market driven forces, evolving competitive 
landscapes, changing customer demands 
and disruptive innovation. The Group remains 
vulnerable to several external factors 
including uncertainties in the global economy, 
implications of recent and impending 
geo-political developments, intense competition 
in our core markets and threats of disruptive 
technology. These risks receive constant 
high-level attention throughout the year.
Strategy meetings are held across the Group to 
review business strategies, formulate responses 
and take pre-emptive action against these risks.
The BRC guides the Group in formulating and 
reviewing risk policies and principles. These 
policies and principles are subject to periodic 
reviews to ensure that they continue to 
support business objectives and are aligned 
to our risk tolerance levels. Taking into 
consideration the prevailing business climate 
and the Group’s risk tolerance, the policies 
aim to address market and competition 
risks effectively and proactively. 
Strategic Ventures, Investments & Divestments
We have an established process for evaluating 
investment and divestment decisions including 
strategic ventures. Investments, divestments 
and strategic ventures are monitored to ensure 
that they are on track to meet the Group’s 
strategic intent, investment objectives and 
returns, and where required, the need for timely 
recalibration of strategies in response to 
the changing business environment. These 
investment decisions are guided by investment 
parameters set on a Group-wide basis.
Together with the Board, the Investment and 
Major Project Action Committee (IMPAC) 
guides the Group in taking considered risks 
in a controlled manner, exercising the spirit 
of enterprise and prudence to earn the best 
risk-adjusted returns on invested capital 
across our businesses.
Investment risk assessment involves 
rigorous due diligence, feasibility studies 
and sensitivity analyses of key assumptions 
and variables. Some of the critical factors 
considered include alignment with Group 
strategy, financial viability, country-specific 
political and regulatory developments, 
contractual risk implications, as well as 
lessons learnt. The investment portfolio 
is constantly monitored to ensure that 
performance is on track to meet the Group’s 
strategic intent and investment returns. 
Human Resources
We continue to maintain a strong emphasis 
on attracting and building a deep pool of 
talent. This includes nurturing employees, 
maintaining good industrial relations and 
fostering a conducive work environment for 
all employees. The Group is focused on 
strengthening succession planning and bench 
strength, as well as building new organisational 
capabilities to drive business growth whilst 
maintaining our status as an employer of choice. 
In talent development programmes, we 
emphasise the importance of having a 
risk-centric mindset and endeavour to 
inculcate the ability to identify and assess 
risks, develop and implement mitigation 
actions, as well as monitor risks. Keppel 
Leadership Institute, established as a 
global centre to groom leaders and equip 
employees with the capabilities to drive 
and support Keppel’s growth, helps to 
inculcate this mindset by embedding risk 
management in its key leadership courses.
Operational Risks
Project Management
From project initiation through to completion, 
risk management processes are an integral 
part of project management activities to 
facilitate early risk detection and proactive 
management. The Group adopts a systematic 
assessment and monitoring process to help 
manage the key risks in projects. Particular 
attention is given to technically challenging 
and high-value projects, including greenfield 
developments and deployment of new 
technology and/or operations in new 
geographies. Projects are managed in 
accordance with the respective country’s 
environmental laws and labour practices.
At the project execution stage, we execute 
project reviews and quality assurance 
programmes to address issues involving 
cost, schedule and quality. Project Key Risk 
Indicators are used as early warning signals 
to determine if remedial actions are required.
In addition, we conduct knowledge-sharing 
workshops to share best practices and 
lessons learnt across the Group. These 
processes help to ensure that projects are 
completed on time and within budget, 
without compromising safety and quality 
standards, as well as contract obligations. 
Health, Safety & Environment
Maintaining a high level of Health, Safety and 
Environmental (HSE) standard is of paramount 
importance to the Group. We constantly 
strive to raise awareness, maintain vigilance 
and foster a strong HSE-centric culture across 
the Group and particularly at the ground level.
Key initiatives include driving a zero fatality 
strategy with a roadmap focused on aligning 
Hazard Identification Risk Assessment 
standards across our global operations, 
enhancing competency of employees 
performing safety-critical tasks, strengthening 
operational controls, deploying standard 
Root Cause Analysis across the Group, 
as well as developing more proactive and 
leading risk indicators/matrices to monitor 
HSE performance in each BU. 
Environmental management practices in 
key operating sites are also closely monitored. 
As a Group, we continue to embrace and 
leverage technology to improve HSE processes 
and systems. Testament to the Group’s 
concerted efforts in safety, Keppel clinched 
28 awards at the Workplace Safety and 
Health (WSH) Awards for exemplary safety 
performances, implementation of strong 
WSH management systems, as well as 
efforts to create solutions that improve 
workplace safety. 
Business & Operational Processes
We continue to streamline our business 
processes. We have established common 
shared services platforms which enable us 
to better manage costs while enhancing 
efficiency, productivity, compliance 
and controls. 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   105
--------------------------------------------------Page 101--------------------------------------------------

Recognising the need to keep at the 
forefront of technology, we have embarked 
on digitalisation initiatives and continue to 
take measured steps, applying a risk-based 
approach, to embrace the appropriate 
technologies in optimising our processes. 
We have adopted ISO standards and 
certifications to achieve standardisation 
of some of our processes and kept up 
with best practices. In addition, procedures 
relating to defect management, operations, 
project control and supply chain management 
continue to be refined to improve the quality 
of deliverables. We conduct regular reviews 
of policies and authority limits to ensure that 
they remain relevant in meeting changing 
business requirements.
Business Continuity
We are committed to enhancing operational 
resilience with a robust Business Continuity 
Management (BCM) Plan that will equip us to 
respond effectively to business disruptions, 
ensuring that critical business functions 
continue to operate with minimal impact 
to our people, operations and assets. 
As a Group, we are cognisant of the risk of 
natural disasters, terrorism and cyber threats, 
and we seek to maintain operational resilience 
through regular review and testing of our 
BCM plans under different threat scenarios. 
The BCM Steering Committee provides 
direction and guidance to ensure BCM plans 
across the Group are effectively managed. 
With the increasing risk of cyber threats and 
attacks, we have increased our efforts and 
focus on ensuring adequacy of our defense 
against the risk and our response plans in 
the event of an incident. The Group maintains 
a close watch and keeps abreast of evolving 
techniques and threats in order to develop 
the appropriate mitigation measures. We 
constantly evaluate our ongoing state of 
readiness against business disruptions 
to ensure that plans remain current 
and relevant. 
Crisis management and communication 
procedures have also been embedded 
into the Group’s BCM processes. These 
procedures are constantly refined to allow 
us to respond in an orderly and coordinated 
way, and to expedite recovery. We are 
focused on building capabilities to respond 
to crises effectively while safeguarding 
our people and assets, and the interests 
of our stakeholders. 
Information Technology
Information Technology risks are an integral 
aspect of our processes. The Group has 
in place an Information Technology (IT) 
governance structure and IT security 
framework to address both general IT and 
data security controls, as well as evolving 
IT risks including cybersecurity, theft or 
loss of confidential data and data integrity.
Our IT security, governance and controls 
continue to be strengthened through the 
refinement and alignment of our IT policies, 
processes and systems, and the consolidation 
of servers and storages. We have also 
appointed IT security officers and instituted 
policies on end-user computing and 
safeguarding information, as well as IT 
self-assessments to identify security gaps.
Our pool of dedicated IT experts enables us 
to keep abreast of the latest developments, 
innovation and threats in the IT domain. 
They are assisted by Keppel Technology and 
Innovation to assess risks at various levels, 
and to further the adoption of technology 
and innovation within Keppel. Extensive 
training and assessment exercises have 
been conducted on user security education 
to heighten overall awareness of IT threats. 
Measures and considerations have also been 
taken to safeguard corporate data assets 
against loss of information, data security and 
service disruption of critical IT systems.
Compliance Risks
Laws, Regulations & Compliance
Given the geographical diversity of our 
businesses, we closely monitor developments 
in laws and regulations of countries where 
the Group operates, to ensure that our 
businesses and operations comply with all 
relevant laws and regulations. We regularly 
engage with local government authorities 
and agencies to keep updated on changes 
to laws and regulations, ensuring that we can 
assess our exposures and risks effectively.
We recognise that non-compliance with laws 
and regulations not only have significant 
financial impact but have potentially detrimental 
reputational impact on Keppel. While we have 
significantly strengthened our regulatory 
compliance framework, we remain fully 
committed to enhancing our regulatory 
compliance policies and processes, ensuring 
that the Group maintains a high level of 
compliance and ethical standards in the 
way in which we conduct our business. Our 
emphasis is clear and consistently reiterated. 
We have zero tolerance for fraud, bribery, 
corruption and violation of laws and regulations.
In 2018, we made significant progress in our 
regulatory compliance initiatives, ensuring 
that compliance principles are embedded in 
our activities, and implementing best practices 
from industry leaders as we develop and 
strengthen our compliance framework. More 
details on the steps taken to operationalise 
our regulatory compliance framework are 
set out on pages 107 and 108 of this report. 
Financial Risks
Fraud, Misstatement of Financial 
Statements & Disclosures
We maintain a strong emphasis on ensuring 
that financial statements are accurate and 
presented fairly in accordance with applicable 
financial reporting standards and frameworks.
Regular external and internal audits are 
conducted to provide assurance on accuracy 
of financial statements and adequacy of the 
internal control framework supporting the 
statements. Where required, we leverage 
the expertise of the engaged auditors in 
the interpretation of financial reporting 
standards and changes. 
We conduct regular training and education 
programmes to enhance competency of the 
Group’s finance managers. Keppel’s System 
of Management Controls framework outlines 
our internal control and risk management 
processes and procedures. For more details 
on the framework, please refer to pages 83 
and 84 of this report.
Financial Management
Financial risk management relates to our ability 
to meet financial obligations and mitigate 
credit, liquidity, currency and interest rate 
risks. Policies and financial authority limits 
are reviewed regularly to incorporate changes 
in the operating and control environment.
We are focused on financial discipline 
and seek to deploy our capital to earn the 
best risk-adjusted returns for shareholders, 
while maintaining a strong balance sheet 
to seize new opportunities. 
Our procedures include the evaluation of 
counterparties and other related risks against 
pre-established internal guidelines. We conduct 
impact assessments and stress tests to gauge 
the Group’s exposure to changing market 
situations, to enable informed decision making 
and implementation of prompt mitigating 
actions. We also regularly monitor our asset 
concentration exposure in countries where we 
have a presence to ensure that our portfolio 
of assets, investments and businesses are 
well diversified and adequately safeguarded 
against the systemic risks of operating in a 
specific geography. For more details, please 
refer to page 66 of this report. 
Proactive Risk Management
Effective risk management requires 
a dynamic approach and we recognise 
the need to continually evolve our 
framework and processes to ensure 
our risk identification and mitigation 
remains effective. We remain vigilant 
against emerging threats that may affect 
our different businesses. We have a 
dedicated focus group across BUs to identify, 
discuss and analyse emerging risks which 
may have an impact on the Group’s activities. 
Where applicable, these are escalated for 
discussion and consideration at various 
governance committees. 
Through close collaboration with stakeholders 
and constant vigilance, we will continue to 
proactively assess our risks and review our 
risk management system to ensure that our 
ability to manage and respond to threats 
remains adequate and effective.
Governance 
Risk Management
106   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 102--------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Compliance
Guided by our core values and enhanced 
code of conduct, we are fully committed 
to ensuring that compliance is a central 
pillar of our management and an integral 
part of our corporate culture and business 
processes. We will do business the right way 
and comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations wherever we operate. We strive 
to achieve outstanding performance, whilst 
maintaining the highest level of ethical integrity. 
Our tone for regulatory compliance is clear 
and consistently reiterated from the top and 
throughout all levels of the Group. We have 
zero tolerance for fraud, bribery, corruption 
and violation of laws and regulations.
Strategic Objectives
Following the improvements and enhancements 
to the compliance framework and processes, 
we remain focused on ensuring consistency 
in application and operational effectiveness 
of the compliance programme across the 
Group. We are developing a compliance 
(Group RCWT), which is chaired by the Head 
of Group Risk & Compliance. The Group 
RCWT oversees the development and review 
of pertinent regulatory compliance matters, 
over-arching compliance policies and 
guidelines for the Group, as well as reviewing 
training and communication programmes.
Each BU has a dedicated Compliance Lead, 
supported by the respective risk and 
compliance teams, and is responsible for 
driving and administering the compliance 
function and agenda for the BU. This includes 
providing support to BU management with 
subject matter expertise, process excellence 
and regular reporting to ensure that compliance 
risks are effectively managed and mitigated. 
Across the Group, continued recruitment 
efforts are in progress to strengthen the 
Compliance team with additional professional 
and experienced compliance officers.
Under the direction of the Group RCMC and 
Group RCWT, BUs working in partnership 
with their respective risk and compliance 
teams are responsible for implementing 
the Group’s Code of Conduct and regulatory 
compliance policies and procedures. They 
are also responsible for ensuring that risk 
assessments in relation to material regulatory 
compliance risks are conducted, and that 
control measures are adequate and effective, 
to mitigate the identified risks which the 
BUs may face.
Regulatory Compliance Framework
As part of ongoing efforts to strengthen 
our regulatory compliance framework, 
we have defined our focus on compliance 
covering broadly the following areas: culture; 
policies and procedures; training and 
communication; key compliance processes; 
compliance risk assessment, reviews and 
monitoring; and compliance resources.
A key aspect of the framework is the 
structure of the compliance organisation. 
Our reporting structure of the compliance 
organisation reinforces independence of the 
function. The Head of Group Risk & Compliance 
reports directly to the Chairman of the BRC. 
Similarly, the Compliance Leads of the 
BUs have established direct reporting 
lines to the respective Audit or Board Risk 
Committees. Furthermore, BU Compliance 
Leads report directly to the Head of Group 
Risk & Compliance. This reporting structure 
reinforces independence of the function 
and enables senior management, including 
members of the Board, to provide continuous, 
clear and explicit support to the Group’s 
compliance programme.
Culture
Culture and mindset are critical in ensuring the 
effectiveness of our compliance programme. 
Management has a key role in setting the 
right tone and walking the talk. The tone for 
The tone for regulatory 
compliance is driven 
from the top. Guided by 
our core values, we are 
committed to building a 
more disciplined and 
sustainable company. 
framework that commensurate with the 
size, role and activity of our businesses, 
including appropriate compliance control 
systems, to be able to effectively detect 
and remedy gaps. Most importantly, we 
remain focused on rebuilding our credibility 
and reputation with our stakeholders, 
and building a sustainable compliance 
framework that supports the Group’s growth.
Governance Structure
Our Regulatory Compliance Governance 
Structure is designed to strengthen our 
corporate governance. The Board Risk 
Committee (BRC) supports the Board in 
its oversight of regulatory compliance and 
is responsible for driving the Group’s 
implementation of effective compliance 
and governance systems. The Group Risk 
& Compliance department serves as a 
secretariat to the BRC, assessing and 
reporting on the Group’s compliance risks, 
controls and mitigations.
The Group Regulatory Compliance 
Management Committee (Group RCMC) 
is chaired by Keppel Corporation’s Chief 
Executive Officer and its members includes 
all business unit (BU) heads. The role of 
the Group RCMC is to articulate the Group’s 
commitment to regulatory compliance, 
direct and support the development of 
over-arching compliance policies and 
guidelines, and facilitate the effective 
implementation of policies and procedures.
The Group RCMC is supported by the Group 
Regulatory Compliance Working Team 
Regulatory
Compliance
Framework
Policies &
Procedures
Key Compliance
Processes
Training & 
Communications
Compliance,  
Risk Assessment,
Review & Monitoring
Compliance
Resources
Culture
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
107
--------------------------------------------------Page 103--------------------------------------------------

full regulatory compliance must cascade 
down the organisation. We have posters 
on anti-bribery, anti-corruption and reporting 
mechanisms that are exhibited in our 
offices globally to reinforce the message. 
Individual performance measures to 
influence personal behaviour, and periodic 
compliance-focused messages are also 
delivered by BU heads to employees. 
Policies & Procedures
Employee Code of Conduct
We have a strict Code of Conduct (the Code) 
that applies to all employees, and who are 
required to acknowledge and comply with 
the Code. The Code sets out important 
principles to guide employees in carrying out 
their duties and responsibilities to the highest 
standards of personal and corporate integrity. 
It covers areas from conduct in the workplace 
to business conduct, including clear provisions 
on prohibitions against bribery and corruption, 
and conflicts of interests amongst others. 
We continually review and enhance our 
Code to ensure that it stays updated and 
properly instructive.
Appropriate disciplinary action, including 
suspension or termination of employment, 
will be taken if an employee is found to 
have violated the rules set out in the Code. 
The Code of Conduct is also provided to 
all third parties who represent Keppel in 
business dealings, including joint venture 
partners, who are required to acknowledge 
understanding and compliance with the 
requirements of the Code. We ensure 
that disciplinary actions are carried out 
consistently and fairly across all levels 
of employees. 
Supplier Code of Conduct
The acknowledgement to abide by our Supplier 
Code of Conduct, which was developed to 
integrate Keppel’s sustainability principles 
across our supply chain, and positively 
influence the environmental, social and 
governance performance of our suppliers, 
is mandatory for all key suppliers of the 
Keppel Group.
The areas covered within the Supplier 
Code of Conduct include proper business 
conduct, fair labour practices, stringent 
safety and health standards, and responsible 
environmental management.
Whistle-Blower Policy
Keppel’s Whistle-Blower Policy encourages 
the reporting of suspected bribery, violations 
or misconduct through a clearly-defined 
process and reporting channel, by which 
reports can be made in confidence and 
without fear of reprisal.
The process is reviewed regularly. In 2018, 
the whistle-blower hotline was outsourced 
to an external and independent service 
provider to cater to language and time zone 
requirements across the different countries 
in which the Group operates.
Compliance Policies
We maintain a comprehensive list of policies 
covering compliance-related matters including 
anti-bribery, gifts & hospitality, agent fees, 
donations & sponsorships, solicitation & 
extortion, conflict of interest, and insider trading 
amongst others. These policies are reviewed 
periodically to ensure that they commensurate 
with the activities in the jurisdictions in 
which the Group operates. Group policies 
are applicable to all BUs and unless the 
jurisdictional regulatory requirements are 
more stringent, these policies represent 
the minimum standard for the Group.
Compliance remains a key focus for the 
Group. Our written policy on commitment 
to compliance with anti-corruption laws 
was strengthened in 2018 with the issuance 
of the Global Anti-Bribery Policy, consolidating 
the multiple relevant policies which form 
part of our compliance programme. The 
procedures and rules defined in the Policy 
encapsulates key points of the Group’s 
zero-tolerance approach towards bribery. In 
November 2018, Keppel Offshore & Marine’s 
Singapore entities achieved the ISO 37001 
certification on Anti-Bribery Management 
System. We continue to work towards 
certification for the other entities within 
Keppel Offshore & Marine and the Group. 
Training & Communication
Training is an essential component of 
Keppel’s regulatory compliance framework. 
Our programmes are tailored to specific 
audiences and we leverage Group-wide 
forums to reiterate key messages.
We have a comprehensive annual e-learning 
training programme which is mandatory for 
directors, officers and employees. The content 
of the training covers key compliance policies, 
and directors, officers and employees are 
required to complete assessments at the 
end of the training to successfully mark 
completion. As part of the annual training, 
directors, officers and employees are also 
required to formally acknowledge their 
understanding of policies and declare any 
potential conflicts of interest. Toolbox 
training on anti-bribery are also carried out 
for industrial/general workers.
We continue to focus on refining our 
compliance training programmes and 
curriculum for new and existing employees. 
We are also focused on developing and 
tailoring training content depending on 
the target audience.
In addition to policy-related training 
programmes, we conduct trainings focused 
on the line manager’s responsibilities in 
developing the desired culture and mindset 
regarding compliance. These responsibilities 
include the need to establish and maintain 
effective internal controls to ensure that 
processes are robust, and that potential 
gaps are identified and mitigated in a 
timely manner. 
Training focused on building risk and 
compliance competencies are also organised 
to ensure that we are apprised on changes 
in approaches, best practices and tools. 
Group Risk & Compliance conducts 
periodic site visits, particularly to locations 
susceptible to higher corruption risks, 
to raise awareness of compliance risks. 
We also leverage opportunities at various 
management conferences and employee 
meetings to stress the importance 
of compliance.
Key Processes 
Due Diligence 
We continue to improve our risk-based 
due diligence process for all third party 
associates who represent the Keppel Group 
in business dealings, including our joint 
venture partners, to assess the compliance 
risk of the business partner. In addition 
to background checks, the due diligence 
process incorporates requirements for 
third party associates to acknowledge 
understanding and compliance with our 
Code of Conduct. 
Other Processes 
As part of our ongoing review of policies 
and procedures, we ensure compliance 
oversight is embedded in key processes 
including areas such as gifts and hospitality, 
agent fees, donations and sponsorships, 
as well as conflicts of interest. 
Risk Assessment, Review & Monitoring 
We continue to develop our compliance 
resources and framework. This will enable 
the Compliance team to conduct independent 
risk assessments to identify and mitigate 
key compliance risks. Regular discussions 
are held with all business units, focusing 
on risk assessments including specific 
compliance risks identified for their respective 
businesses. Separately, independent reviews 
of compliance risks are carried out within the 
scope of internal audits including thematic 
reviews of the effectiveness of key aspects 
of our compliance programmes. 
Resources 
We recognise the need for an experienced 
compliance team to effectively support the 
business in compliance advisory, as well as 
to ensure that compliance programmes and 
controls are effectively implemented. Senior 
management, including members of the 
Board, are fully committed to ensuring that 
we build a strong compliance function.
Governance 
Regulatory Compliance
108   
   
--------------------------------------------------Page 104--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   109
Directors’ Statement & Financial Statements
Financial Report
Directors’ Statement
110
Independent Auditor’s Report
116
Balance Sheets
123
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
124
Consolidated Statement of
 
Comprehensive Income
125
Statements of Changes in Equity
126
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
129
Notes to the Financial Statements
132
Significant Subsidiaries &
 
Associated Companies
193
Other Information
Interested Person Transactions
205
Key Executives
206
Major Properties
210
Group Five-Year Performance
215
Group Value-Added Statements
219
Share Performance
220
Shareholding Statistics
221
Notice of Annual General Meeting &
 
Closure of Books
222
Corporate Information
227
Financial Calendar
228
Proxy Form
229
Contents
--------------------------------------------------Page 105--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
110   
   
Directors’ Statement
For the financial year ended 31 December 2018
The Directors present their statement together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, and balance sheet and 
statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2018.
In the opinion of the directors, the consolidated financial statements of the Group, and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity 
of the Company as set out on pages 123 to 204, are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the 
Company as at 31 December 2018, and the financial performance, changes in equity and the cash flows of the Group and changes in equity of 
the Company for the financial year then ended and at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will 
be able to pay its debts when they fall due.
1. 
Directors
 
The Directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:
 
Lee Boon Yang (Chairman)
 
Loh Chin Hua (Chief Executive Officer) 
 
Tow Heng Tan
 
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai
 
Tan Ek Kia
 
Danny Teoh
 
Tan Puay Chiang 
 
Till Bernhard Vestring 
 
Veronica Eng
 
Jean-François Manzoni (appointed on 1 October 2018)
2. 
Audit Committee
 
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors comprises four independent non-executive Directors. Members of the Committee are:
 
Danny Teoh (Chairman)
 
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai
 
Tan Ek Kia
 
Veronica Eng 
 
The Audit Committee carried out its function in accordance with the Singapore Companies Act, including the following:
– 
Reviewed audit scopes, plans and reports of the Company’s independent auditors and internal auditors and considered 
effectiveness of actions/policies taken by management on the recommendations and observations;
– 
Carried out independent review of quarterly financial reports and year-end financial statements;
– 
Examined effectiveness of financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls;
– 
Reviewed the independence and objectivity of the independent auditors annually;
– 
Reviewed the nature and extent of non-audit services performed by independent auditors;
– 
Met with independent auditors and internal auditors, without the presence of management, at least annually;
– 
Ensured that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company, at least 
annually;
– 
Reviewed interested person transactions; and
– 
Investigated any matters within the Audit Committee’s term of reference, whenever it deemed necessary.
 
The Audit Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors the nomination of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for re-appointment as 
independent auditors at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.
3. 
Arrangements to enable directors to acquire shares or debentures
 
Neither at the end of the financial year nor at any time during the financial year did there subsist any arrangement whose object was to 
enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares or debentures in the Company or any other 
body corporate other than the KCL Restricted Share Plan, KCL Performance Share Plan and Remuneration Shares to Directors of the 
Company.
--------------------------------------------------Page 106--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   111
4. 
Directors’ interests in shares and debentures
 
According to the Register of Directors’ shareholdings kept by the Company for the purpose of Section 164 of the Singapore Companies 
Act, none of the Directors holding office at the end of the financial year had any interest in the shares and debentures of the Company and 
related corporations, except as follows:
 
 
Holdings At 
 
 
 
1.1.2018 
31.12.2018 
21.1.2019 
 
Keppel Corporation Limited
 
(No. of ordinary shares)
 
Lee Boon Yang 
264,000 
290,000 
290,000
 
Loh Chin Hua 
694,557 
895,341 
895,341
 
Loh Chin Hua (deemed interest) 
38,500 
38,500 
38,500
 
Tow Heng Tan 
48,888 
55,888 
55,888
 
Tow Heng Tan (deemed interest) 
28,789 
28,789 
28,789
 
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai 
38,225 
44,225 
44,225
 
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai (deemed interest) 
42,000 
42,000 
42,000
 
Tan Ek Kia 
34,825 
42,825 
42,825
 
Danny Teoh 
65,825 
73,825 
73,825
 
Tan Puay Chiang 
50,600 
57,600 
57,600
 
Tan Puay Chiang (deemed interest) 
7,103 
7,103 
7,103
 
Till Bernhard Vestring 
68,000 
74,000 
74,000
 
Veronica Eng 
12,000 
19,000 
19,000
 
(Unvested restricted shares to be delivered after 2015)
 
Loh Chin Hua 
50,000 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
(Unvested restricted shares to be delivered after 2016)
 
Loh Chin Hua 
120,000 
60,000 
60,000
 
 
 
 
(Unvested restricted shares to be delivered after 2017)
 
Loh Chin Hua 
- 
181,568 
181,568
 
(Contingent award of performance shares issued in 2015 to be 
delivered after 2017) ¹
 
Loh Chin Hua 
220,000 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
(Contingent award of performance shares issued in 2016 to be 
delivered after 2018) ¹
 
Loh Chin Hua 
300,000 
300,000 
300,000
 
 
 
 
(Contingent award of performance shares issued in 2017 to be 
delivered after 2019) ¹
 
Loh Chin Hua 
330,000 
330,000 
330,000
 
 
 
 
(Contingent award of performance shares issued in 2018 to be 
delivered after 2020) ¹
 
Loh Chin Hua 
- 
320,000 
320,000
 
 
 
 
(Contingent award of performance shares – Transformation Incentive Plan 
issued in 2016 to be delivered after 2021) ¹
 
Loh Chin Hua 
750,000 
750,000 
750,000
 
 
 
 
(3.145% Fixed Rate Notes due 2022)
 
Tan Puay Chiang 
$250,000 
$250,000 
$250,000
 
Subsidiary
 
- Keppel Land Limited
 
(3.90% Fixed Rate Notes due 2024)
 
Tan Puay Chiang 
$250,000 
$250,000 
$250,000
--------------------------------------------------Page 107--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
112   
   
Directors’ Statement
4. 
Directors’ interests in shares and debentures (continued)
 
 
Holdings At 
 
 
 
1.1.2018 
31.12.2018 
21.1.2019 
 
Associated Companies
 
- Keppel REIT
 
(No. of units)
 
Lee Boon Yang 
16,989 
17,385 
17,385
 
Loh Chin Hua 
7,000 
7,000 
7,000
 
Loh Chin Hua (deemed interest) 
556,160 
556,160 
556,160
 
Tow Heng Tan 
5,568 
5,568 
5,568
 
Tow Heng Tan (deemed interest) 
8,070 
8,070 
8,070
 
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai 
4,303 
4,303 
4,303
 
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai (deemed interest) 
210,663 
210,663 
210,663
 
Tan Ek Kia 
1,939 
1,939 
1,939
 
Danny Teoh 
8,911 
8,911 
8,911
 
Tan Puay Chiang 
12,000 
12,000 
12,000
 
Tan Puay Chiang (deemed interest) 
6,000 
6,000 
6,000
 
- Keppel DC REIT
 
(No. of units)
 
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai 
95,550 
95,550 
95,550
 
Tan Puay Chiang 
100,000 
100,000 
100,000
¹ 
Depending on the achievement of pre-determined performance targets, the actual number of shares to be released could range from zero to 150% of the number 
stated.
5. 
Share options of the Company
 
Details of share options granted under the KCL Share Option Scheme (“Scheme”) are disclosed in Note 3 to the financial statements.
 
No options to take up Ordinary Shares (“Shares”) were granted during the financial year. There were 791,500 Shares issued by virtue of 
exercise of options and options to take up 3,407,100 Shares were cancelled during the financial year. At the end of the financial year, there 
were 1,890,185 Shares under option as follows:
 
 
Number of Share Options
 
 
Balance at 
 
 
Balance at 
Exercise 
Date of
 
Date of grant 
1.1.2018 
Exercised 
Cancelled 
31.12.2018 
price 
expiry
 
14.02.08 
1,444,800 
(136,800) 
(1,308,000) 
- 
$8.46 
13.02.18
 
14.08.08 
2,077,000 
(73,700) 
(2,003,300) 
- 
$8.73 
13.08.18
 
05.02.09 
88,400 
(15,400) 
(4,400) 
68,600 
$3.07 
04.02.19
 
06.08.09 
1,036,785 
(307,600) 
(40,800) 
688,385 
$6.86 
05.08.19
 
09.02.10 
1,441,800 
(258,000) 
(50,600) 
1,133,200 
$6.89 
08.02.20
 
 
6,088,785 
(791,500) 
(3,407,100) 
1,890,185
 
There are no options granted to any of the Company’s controlling shareholders or their associates under the Scheme.
--------------------------------------------------Page 108--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   113
6. 
Share plans of the Company
 
The KCL Performance Share Plan (“KCL PSP”) and KCL Restricted Share Plan (“KCL RSP”) were approved by the Company’s shareholders 
at the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company on 23 April 2010.
 
Details of share plans awarded under the KCL PSP, KCL PSP-Transformation Incentive Plan (“KCL PSP-TIP”), KCL RSP and KCL RSP-
Deferred Shares are disclosed in Note 3 to the financial statements and as follows:
 
Contingent awards:
 
 
Number of Shares
 
 
 
Contingent 
Adjustments
 
 
Balance at 
awards 
upon 
 
 
Balance at
 
Date of Grant 
1.1.2018 
granted 
release 
Released 
Cancelled 
31.12.2018
 
KCL PSP
 
31.3.2015 
405,000 
- 
(405,000) 
- 
- 
-
 
30.7.2015 
170,000 
- 
(170,000) 
- 
- 
-
 
29.4.2016 
830,000 
- 
- 
- 
(185,000) 
645,000
 
28.4.2017 
1,120,000 
- 
- 
- 
(50,000)  
1,070,000
 
30.4.2018 
- 
1,180,000 
- 
- 
- 
1,180,000
 
 
2,525,000 
1,180,000 
(575,000) 
- 
(235,000)  
2,895,000
 
KCL PSP-TIP
 
29.4.2016 
4,707,491 
- 
- 
- 
(771,524) 
3,935,967
 
28.4.2017 
2,040,000 
- 
- 
- 
(10,000) 
2,030,000
 
 
6,747,491 
- 
- 
- 
(781,524) 
5,965,967
 
Awards:
 
 
Number of Shares
 
 
 
 
 
Adjustments
 
 
 
Balance at 
Awards 
upon 
 
 
Balance at
 
Date of Grant 
1.1.2018 
granted 
release 
Released 
Cancelled 
31.12.2018
 
KCL RSP- 
 
Deferred shares
 
23.2.2018 
- 
4,099,369 
- 
(4,097,507) 
(1,862) 
-
 
 
 
- 
4,099,369 
- 
(4,097,507) 
(1,862) 
-
 
Awards released but not vested:
 
 
Number of Shares
 
 
 
Balance at 
 
 
 
Other 
Balance at
 
Date of Grant 
1.1.2018 
Released 
Vested 
Cancelled 
adjustments 
31.12.2018
 
KCL RSP
 
31.3.2014 
5,400 
- 
- 
(1,200) 
-  
4,200
 
31.3.2015 
1,359,391 
- 
(1,312,918) 
(35,473) 
-  
11,000
 
30.7.2015 
224,325 
- 
(223,925) 
(400) 
- 
-
 
29.4.2016 
3,513,249 
- 
(1,741,200) 
(141,531) 
(15,600) 
1,614,918
 
 
 
5,102,365 
- 
(3,278,043) 
(178,604) 
(15,600) 
1,630,118
 
KCL RSP- 
 
Deferred shares
 
23.2.2018 
- 
4,097,507 
(1,365,201) 
(111,969) 
(34,100) 
2,586,237
 
 
 
- 
4,097,507 
(1,365,201) 
(111,969) 
(34,100) 
2,586,237
--------------------------------------------------Page 109--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
114   
   
Directors’ Statement
6. 
Share plans of the Company (continued)
 
The information on Director of the Company participating in the KCL RSP, the KCL PSP and the KCL PSP-TIP who receive 5% or more of 
the total number of contingent award of shares granted to date is as follows:
 
Contingent awards:
 
 
 
Aggregate 
Aggregate other 
Aggregate
 
 
 
awards 
adjustments 
awards
 
 
 
granted since 
since 
released since 
Aggregate
 
 
Contingent 
commencement 
commencement 
commencement 
awards
 
 
awards granted 
of plans 
of plans 
of plans 
not released as
 
 
during the 
to the end of 
to the end of 
to the end of 
at the end of
 
Name of Director 
financial year 
financial year 
financial year 
financial year 
financial year
 
KCL RSP
 
Director of the Company
 
Loh Chin Hua 
             - 
           644,757  
                        -    
          (644,757) 
            -
 
 
 
 
 
 
KCL PSP
 
Director of the Company
 
Loh Chin Hua 
             320,000  
          1,520,814  
         (501,014) 
             (69,800) 
            950,000 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
KCL PSP-TIP
 
Director of the Company
 
Loh Chin Hua 
             - 
750,000  
                        -    
- 
            750,000 
 
  
  
 
Awards:
 
 
 
Aggregate 
Aggregate other 
Aggregate
 
 
 
awards 
adjustments 
awards
 
 
 
granted since 
since 
released since 
Aggregate
 
 
 
commencement 
commencement 
commencement 
awards
 
 
Awards granted 
of plans 
of plans 
of plans 
not released as
 
 
during the 
to the end of 
to the end of 
to the end of 
at the end of
 
Name of Director 
financial year 
financial year 
financial year 
financial year 
financial year
 
KCL RSP-Deferred shares
 
Director of the Company
 
Loh Chin Hua 
             272,352 
           272,352  
                        -    
          (272,352) 
            -
 
Awards released but not vested:
 
 
Aggregate 
Aggregate
 
 
awards 
awards 
Aggregate
 
 
released since 
vested since 
awards
 
 
commencement 
commencement 
released but
 
 
of plans 
of plans 
not vested as
 
 
to the end of 
to the end of 
at the end of
 
Name of Director 
financial year 
financial year 
financial year
 
KCL RSP
 
Director of the Company
 
Loh Chin Hua 
644,757  
          (584,757) 
             60,000 
 
KCL RSP-Deferred shares
 
Director of the Company
 
Loh Chin Hua 
272,352 
(90,784) 
181,568
 
KCL PSP
 
Director of the Company
 
Loh Chin Hua 
69,800  
          (69,800) 
             - 
--------------------------------------------------Page 110--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   115
 
No Director or employee received more than 5% or more of the total number of contingent award of Shares granted during the financial 
year and aggregated to date, except for the following:
 
 
Contingent 
Aggregate
 
 
shares granted 
contingent
 
 
during the 
shares granted
 
Name of Director 
financial year (%) 
to date (%)
 
Loh Chin Hua 
11.2% 
6.0%
 
There are no contingent award of Shares granted to any of the Company’s controlling shareholders or their associates under the KCL 
RSP, KCL RSP-Deferred shares, the KCL PSP and the KCL PSP-TIP.
7. 
Share options and share plans of a subsidiary
 
The particulars of share option and share plans of a subsidiary of the Company are as follows:
 
Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation Ltd (“Keppel T&T”)
 
At the end of the financial year, there were no unissued shares of Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation Ltd under option relating 
to Keppel T&T Share Option Scheme. In addition, there were 1,225,485 unvested shares under Keppel T&T Restricted Share Plan and 
830,000 contingent shares granted under Keppel T&T Performance Share Plan at the end of the financial year. Details and terms of the 
options and share plans have been disclosed in the Directors’ Statement of Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation Ltd.
8.  
Independent auditor
 
The independent auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has expressed its willingness to accept re-appointment.
On behalf of the Board
LEE BOON YANG 
LOH CHIN HUA
Chairman 
Chief Executive Officer
Singapore, 25 February 2019
--------------------------------------------------Page 111--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
116   
   
Independent Auditor’s Report
to the Shareholders of Keppel Corporation Limited
For the financial year ended 31 December 2018
Report on the audit of the financial statements
Our Opinion
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Keppel Corporation Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the 
Group”) and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions 
of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 (“the Act”), Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)s”) and International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of 
the Company as at 31 December 2018, the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of 
the Group, and changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended on that date.
What we have audited
The financial statements of the Group and of the Company, comprise:
• 
the balance sheets of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2018;
• 
the consolidated profit and loss account of the Group for the financial year then ended;
• 
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income of the Group for the financial year then ended;
• 
the statements of changes in equity of the Group and of the Company for the financial year then ended;
• 
the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group for the financial year then ended; and 
• 
the notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing (“SSAs”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority Code of Professional Conduct and 
Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (“ACRA Code”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of 
financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA 
Code.
Our Audit Approach
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the accompanying financial 
statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting 
estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also 
addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other matters consideration of whether there was evidence of 
bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2018. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in 
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Key Audit Matter
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
1. Recoverability of contract assets and stocks (work-in-
progress) in relation to Offshore and Marine (“O&M”) 
business unit
(Refer to Notes 2.27(ii), 13 and 14 to the financial statements)
As at 31 December 2018, the Group has:
(i) Stocks (work-in-progress) (“WIP”) amounting to $594 million 
(after a provision of $52 million made in prior year); and 
(ii) contract assets relating to certain rig building contracts where 
the scheduled delivery dates of the rigs had been deferred and 
have higher counterparty risks, amounting to $1,383 million 
(after a provision for expected credit loss of $21 million in 2018).
 
We focused on this area because significant judgement and 
assumptions are required in:
(i) estimating the net realisable values (“NRV”) of the WIP 
balance; and 
(ii) estimating the expected credit loss of the contract asset 
balance.
We reviewed management’s assessment of the NRV of the WIP 
and the recovery of the contract assets balance. 
We reviewed the most significant inputs to the DCF calculations 
and engaged our valuation specialists to review the discount rates 
applied. 
We also considered the adequacy of the disclosures in the 
financial statements in respect of this matter.
Based on our procedures, we found management’s judgement 
around the NRV of the WIP and the recovery of contract assets to 
be appropriate.
--------------------------------------------------Page 112--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   117
Key Audit Matter
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
In determining whether the NRV of the WIP exceeds its carrying 
amount, management has considered arrangements to market 
the WIP and estimated its NRV based on Discounted Cash Flow 
(“DCF”) model. NRV of the WIP was estimated to be above the 
carrying value at the balance sheet date.
For contract assets relating to certain rig building contracts where 
the scheduled delivery dates of the rigs had been deferred and 
have higher counterparty risks, in the event that the customers 
are unable to fulfil their contractual obligations, the Group can 
exercise their right to retain payments received to date and take 
legal possession of the rigs under construction. Management 
has assessed if the values of the rigs would exceed the carrying 
values of the contract assets. Management has estimated, with 
the assistance of an independent professional firm, the values of 
the rigs using DCF calculations that cover each class of rig under 
construction. The most significant inputs to the DCF calculations 
include day rates and discount rates.
Arising from management’s assessment, an expected credit loss 
provision of $21 million was made against contract assets in 2018.
In respect of the independent professional firm, we found that 
it possessed the requisite competency and experience to assist 
management in assessment of the valuation.
We also found the disclosures in the financial statements in 
respect of the critical judgement and sources of estimation 
uncertainty to be adequate.
2. Assessment of impairment of investment in KrisEnergy
 
(Refer to Note 9 to the financial statements)
The Group has a 40% equity interest in KrisEnergy Ltd 
(“KrisEnergy”), an associated company listed on the Singapore 
Exchange. KrisEnergy is an independent upstream company 
focused on the production and development of oil and gas in the 
basins of Southeast Asia.
At 31 December 2018, the carrying value of the Group’s equity 
interest in KrisEnergy was significantly higher than the fair value of 
the investment (based on KrisEnergy’s quoted market share price 
on that date). 
 
The existence of the above impairment indicator required 
management to estimate the recoverable amount of the Group’s 
investment in KrisEnergy. This assessment was done on a Value-
In-Use (“VIU”) basis using a DCF model with the assistance of an 
independent professional firm. 
Based on the result of the assessment, an impairment loss of 
$53 million was recognised in 2018 to write down the carrying 
amount of the investment to its estimated recoverable amount. 
We focused on this area as the assessment of the recoverable 
amount required management to make projections of cash 
flows arising from oil reserves in which several estimates and 
assumptions were applied.
We read recent public announcements made by KrisEnergy to 
obtain an understanding of the financial position of KrisEnergy and 
its ability to repay its debt obligations.
We evaluated the reasonableness of the estimates and 
assumptions in the DCF model, with focus on the estimates of 
reserves available and estimated future oil prices of US$67 to 
US$73 per barrel for 2019 to 2037, which were the most sensitive 
inputs to the model. We also involved our valuation specialists in 
the evaluation of the model and the discount rates applied.
We also considered the adequacy of the disclosures in the 
financial statements in respect of this matter.
Based on our procedures, we found the significant estimates and 
key assumptions within the discounted cash flow model to be 
reasonable. In respect of the independent professional firm, we 
found that it possessed the requisite competency and experience 
to assist management in the assessment of the recoverable 
amount of KrisEnergy.
We also found the disclosures in the financial statements in 
respect of the impairment to be adequate.
--------------------------------------------------Page 113--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
118   
   
Independent Auditor’s Report
Key Audit Matter
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
3. Financial exposure in relation to contracts with Sete Brasil
 
(Refer to Note 2.27(ii) to the financial statements)
 
The Group’s customer, Sete Brasil (“Sete”) filed for bankruptcy 
protection on 21 April 2016.  Sete had previously contracted 
with the Group for the construction of six rigs. Sete had stopped 
making payments to the Group under these contracts since 
November 2014. The Group suspended construction of these six 
rigs in November 2015.  
The difficulties faced by Sete, as well as the uncertain economic 
and political conditions in Brazil, have resulted in significant 
uncertainty on the outcome of these contracts.
Since 2016, Sete’s authorised representatives have been in 
discussions with the Group on the eventual completion and 
delivery of some of the rigs.  
Management has continually assessed the probable outcomes 
of these contracts by taking into consideration the progress and 
status of the discussions and market conditions in Brazil. 
Based on the latest information available at 31 December 
2018, taking into consideration cost of completion, cost of 
discontinuance, salvage cost and unpaid progress billings with 
regards to these rigs, an expected credit loss of $102 million and a 
provision of $65 million for contract related costs were recognised 
in the current year. The total cumulative expected losses 
recognised on these contracts amounted to $476 million.
We focused on this area because of the significant judgement 
required in assessing if the expected credit loss and contract 
related costs recognised by the Group as at 31 December 2018 
was adequate.
4. Global resolution with criminal authorities in relation to 
corrupt payments
 
(Refer to Note 19 to the financial statements)
 
In December 2017, a wholly-owned subsidiary, Keppel Offshore 
and Marine Ltd (“KOM”) reached a global resolution with the 
Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) in Singapore, the 
U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”), and the Public Prosecutor’s 
Office in Brazil, Ministério Público Federal (“MPF”) in relation to 
corrupt payments made in Brazil by Zwi Skornicki, a former agent 
of certain Keppel subsidiaries in the O&M division.
As part of the resolution, KOM and its subsidiary has paid 
US$106 million and US$211 million to the United States Treasury 
and MPF respectively. In addition, under the Conditional Warning 
issued by CPIB, KOM has committed to certain undertakings, has 
paid US$52 million to CPIB and recorded a further US$52 million 
payable.
We enquired with management on their assessment of the 
contracts with Sete, including their expectation of the probable 
outcomes on these contracts. 
We reviewed the terms of each contract and correspondences with 
Sete or its authorised representatives to validate the assumptions 
applied by management. 
We reviewed management’s computation of the provisions 
recognised during the year and corroborated the inputs against 
supporting documents and externally available information.
We also considered the adequacy of the disclosures in the 
financial statements in respect of this matter.
Based on our procedures, we found management’s assessment 
in respect of the expected credit loss and contract related costs 
recognised in 2018 from these contracts to be reasonable. We 
also found that the disclosures in the financial statements in 
respect of this matter to be adequate.
We obtained understanding of management’s compliance and 
governance regime, including the progress of its implementation, 
through enquiries of appropriate personnel within the Group and 
attendance at the board of directors meetings. 
We read the reporting by KOM to DOJ and CPIB and sighted the 
ISO 37001 certificate. 
We discussed with management to understand the scope, 
approach and findings of the anti-bribery and corruption 
compliance audits performed during the year. 
We also considered the adequacy of the disclosures in the 
financial statements in respect of this matter. We found that the 
disclosures in the financial statements to be adequate. 
--------------------------------------------------Page 114--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   119
Key Audit Matter
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
As part of the global resolution with the authorities, the Group 
has committed to strengthening the compliance and governance 
regime in KOM. Amongst others, it included a commitment to 
secure certification of ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery Management System 
and testing of the effectiveness of the policies and procedures put 
in place. In November 2018, Keppel O&M’s entities in Singapore 
achieved certification for the ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery Management 
System.
Anti-bribery and corruption compliance audits were also performed 
during the year on entities within the KOM Group. These audits 
revealed that the enhanced policies and procedures put in place 
to-date were, in general, functioning as intended in the current 
year. The audits did, however, identify certain matters relating 
to contracts entered into several years ago which require 
follow-up actions and further review. Notwithstanding, based on 
information currently available, management is of the opinion that 
no additional provisions would be required in relation to these 
matters.
We focused on this area because of the management judgement 
required in determining if additional provision is required.
5. Revenue recognition - measurement of progress towards 
performance obligation
 
(Refer to Notes 2.20 and 23 to the financial statements)
During the year, the Group recognised $1,876 million of revenue 
relating to its rigbuilding, shipbuilding and repairs, and long-term 
engineering contracts (“construction contracts”). The Group 
recognises revenue over time by reference to the Group’s progress 
towards completing the construction of the contract work. 
The stage of completion was measured by reference to either 
the percentage of the physical proportion of the contract work 
completed or the proportion of contract costs incurred to date to 
the estimated total contract costs. 
We focused on this area because of the significant management 
judgement required in:
• 
the estimation of the physical proportion of the contract work 
completed for the contracts; and
• 
the estimation of total costs on the contracts, including 
contingencies that could arise from variations to original 
contract terms, and claims.
Based on our procedures and representations obtained from 
management, we found management’s assessment of the matter 
described to be appropriate.
In respect of construction contracts where progress was 
measured based on the percentage of the physical proportion 
of the contract work completed, we sighted certified progress 
reports from engineers, performed site visits, and obtained 
confirmations from project owners to assess the appropriateness 
of management’s estimates of the physical proportion of work 
completed.
In respective of construction contracts where progress was 
measured based on the proportion of contract costs incurred 
to date to the estimated total contract costs, we evaluated the 
effectiveness of management’s controls over the estimation of 
total costs and assessed the reasonableness of key inputs in the 
cost estimation. We tested the appropriateness of estimated costs 
by comparing these against actual costs incurred. 
We then recomputed the revenues recognised for the current 
financial year based on the respective percentage of completion 
and traced these to the accounting records.
We also considered the adequacy of the Group’s disclosures in 
respect of this matter.
Based on our procedures, we found that assumptions made in 
the measurement of the progress of construction contracts to 
be reasonable. We also found the disclosures in the financial 
statements to be adequate.
--------------------------------------------------Page 115--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
120   
   
Independent Auditor’s Report
Key Audit Matter
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
6. Valuation of properties held for sale
 
(Refer to Note 13 to the financial statements)
 
At 31 December 2018, the Group has residential properties held for 
sale of $4,653 million mainly in China, Singapore, Indonesia and 
Vietnam.
Properties held for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net 
realisable values. The determination of the estimated net realisable 
values of these properties is highly dependent on the Group’s 
expectation of future selling prices and the estimated cost to 
complete the development project.
For certain development projects, fair values based on 
independent valuation reports are used to determine the net 
realisable value of these properties.
We focused on this area as significant judgment is required in 
making estimates of future selling prices and the estimated 
cost to complete the development project. In instances where 
independent valuation reports are used, the valuation process 
involves significant judgement in determining the appropriate 
valuation methodology to be used, and in estimating the underlying 
assumptions to be applied. The valuations are highly sensitive to 
key assumptions applied in deriving the discount rate and price of 
comparable plots and properties. 
Continued unfavourable market conditions in certain of the 
markets in which the Group operates might exert downward 
pressure on transaction volumes and residential property prices. 
This could lead to future trends in these markets departing from 
known trends based on past experience. There is therefore a risk 
that the estimates of carrying values at the date of these financial 
statements exceed future selling prices, resulting in losses when 
the properties are sold.
We found that, in making its estimates of future selling prices, the 
Group took into account macroeconomic and real estate price 
trend information. Management applied their knowledge of the 
business in their regular review of these estimates.
We corroborated the Group’s forecast selling prices by comparing 
the forecast selling price to, where available, recently transacted 
prices and prices of comparable properties located in the same 
vicinity as the properties held for sale.
We compared management’s budgeted total development 
costs against underlying contracts with vendors and supporting 
documents. We discussed with the project managers to 
assess the reasonableness of estimated cost to complete 
and corroborated the underlying assumptions made with our 
understanding of past completed projects.
For projects where management has used independent valuation 
reports as a basis to determine the net realisable value, we 
evaluated the qualifications and competence of the external 
valuer and considered the valuation methodologies used against 
those applied by other valuers for similar property type. We tested 
the reliability of inputs used in the valuation and corroborated 
key inputs such as the discount rate and price of comparable 
plots and properties used in the valuation by comparing them 
against historical rates and available industry data, taking into 
consideration comparability and market factors. Where the inputs 
were outside the expected range, we undertook further procedures 
to understand the effect of additional factors and, when necessary, 
held further discussions with the valuers.
We focused our work on development projects with slower-than-
expected sales or with low or negative margins. For projects which 
are expected to sell below cost, we checked the computation of 
the provision for properties held for sale.
We also considered the adequacy of the disclosures in the 
financial statements, in describing the provision for properties held 
for sale.
Based on our procedures, we were satisfied that management’s 
estimates and assumptions were reasonable. We also found the 
related disclosures in the financial statements to be adequate.
--------------------------------------------------Page 116--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   121
Key Audit Matter
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
7. Valuation of investment properties
 
(Refer to Note 7 and Note 33 to the financial statements)
 
At 31 December 2018, the Group owns a portfolio of investment 
properties of $2,851 million comprising office buildings, hotel, retail 
mall and mixed-use development projects, located primarily in 
China, Singapore, Indonesia and Vietnam.
Investment properties are stated at their fair values based on 
independent external valuations.
We focused on this area as the valuation process involves 
significant judgement in determining the appropriate valuation 
methodology to be used, and in estimating the underlying 
assumptions to be applied. The valuations are highly sensitive to 
key assumptions applied such as the capitalisation rate, discount 
rate, net initial yield, terminal yield and price of comparable plots 
and properties.
We evaluated the qualifications and competence of the external 
valuers. We considered the valuation methodologies used against 
those applied by other valuers for similar property types. We also 
considered other alternative valuation methods. 
We tested the reliability of inputs of the projected cash flows 
used in the valuation to supporting lease agreements and other 
documents. We corroborated the inputs such as the capitalisation 
rate, net initial yield, terminal yield, discount rate and price of 
comparable plots used in the valuation methodology by comparing 
them against historical rates and available industry data, taking 
into consideration comparability and market factors. Where the 
inputs were outside the expected range, we undertook further 
procedures to understand the reasons for these and, where 
necessary, held further discussions with the valuers. 
We also considered the adequacy of the disclosures in the 
financial statements, in describing the inherent degree of 
subjectivity and key assumptions used in the estimates. 
The valuers are members of recognised professional bodies for 
external valuers. We found the valuation methodologies used to 
be in line with generally accepted market practices and the key 
assumptions used were within the range of market data. We also 
found the disclosures in the financial statements to be adequate.
Other information
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the “Directors’ Statement” (but does not include the 
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon) which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report and other sections of the 
Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018 (“Other Sections of the Annual Report”) which are expected to be made available to us 
after that date.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
When we read the Other Sections of the Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to 
communicate the matter to those charged with governance and take appropriate actions in accordance with SSAs.
Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the 
Act, SFRS(I)s and IFRSs, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance 
that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are 
recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, 
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate 
the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The directors’ responsibilities include overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. 
--------------------------------------------------Page 117--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
122   
   
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but 
is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
We also:
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform 
audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made 
by management.
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence 
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to 
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report 
to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to 
cease to continue as a going concern.
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
• 
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to 
express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.    
We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, 
including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to 
communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial 
statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be 
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by those subsidiary corporations 
incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Yeoh Oon Jin. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants
Singapore, 25 February 2019
Independent Auditor’s Report
--------------------------------------------------Page 118--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   123
Balance Sheets
As at 31 December 2018
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
Note 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January 
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
Share capital 
3 
1,291,722 
1,291,310 
1,288,394  
1,291,722 
1,291,310 
1,288,394
Treasury shares 
3 
(45,073) 
(74) 
(15,523) 
(45,073) 
(74) 
(15,523)
Reserves 
4 
10,031,561 
10,151,498 
10,395,101  
6,396,589 
6,341,656 
5,346,838
Share capital & reserves 
 
11,278,210 
11,442,734 
11,667,972  
7,643,238 
7,632,892 
6,619,709
Non-controlling interests 
5 
308,930 
530,225 
676,918  
- 
- 
-
Total equity 
 
11,587,140 
11,972,959 
12,344,890  
7,643,238 
7,632,892 
6,619,709
Represented by:
Fixed assets 
6 
2,372,560 
2,432,963 
2,645,456  
6,676 
296 
852
Investment properties 
7 
2,851,380 
3,460,608 
3,550,290  
- 
- 
-
Subsidiaries 
8 
- 
- 
- 
7,867,959 
7,972,849 
8,154,201
Associated companies 
9 
6,239,685 
5,913,777 
5,423,831  
- 
- 
-
Investments 
10 
449,515 
458,638 
377,704 
16,957 
15,012 
14,340
Long term assets 
11 
679,464 
774,316 
814,438  
8,801 
14,346 
97,557
Intangibles 
12 
129,007 
132,594 
140,669  
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
12,721,611 
13,172,896 
12,952,388  
7,900,393 
8,002,503 
8,266,950
Current assets
Stocks  
13 
5,514,006 
5,780,042 
6,567,740 
- 
- 
-
Contract assets 
14 
3,212,712 
3,643,495 
4,157,146 
- 
- 
-
Amounts due from:
 
- subsidiaries 
15 
- 
- 
- 
4,043,121 
3,498,920 
3,982,362
 
- associated companies 
15 
291,729 
342,960 
433,380  
548 
733 
688
Debtors 
16 
2,702,300 
3,088,417 
3,373,841  
6,229 
4,590 
2,965
Derivative assets 
 
45,976 
181,226 
98,984  
23,217 
93,530 
42,923
Short term investments 
17 
136,587 
202,776 
273,928  
27,400 
- 
-
Bank balances, deposits & cash 
18 
1,981,406 
2,273,788 
2,087,078  
370 
2,213 
542
 
 
 
 
13,884,716 
15,512,704 
16,992,097  
4,100,885 
3,599,986 
4,029,480
Current liabilities
Creditors 
19 
4,391,023 
5,720,165 
5,483,318  
76,172 
68,585 
112,471
Derivative liabilities 
 
119,405 
37,969 
379,910  
27,796 
29,528 
345,313
Contract liabilities 
14 
1,918,547 
1,950,151 
1,612,984  
- 
- 
-
Provisions for warranties 
20 
69,614 
115,972 
81,679  
- 
- 
-
Amounts due to:
 
- subsidiaries 
15 
- 
- 
- 
162,611 
236,403 
1,062,722
 
- associated companies 
15 
115,824 
253,331 
111,543  
- 
- 
-
Term loans 
21 
1,480,757 
1,714,084 
1,835,321  
460,657 
551,530 
692,311
Taxation 
27 
297,922 
220,761 
364,845  
43,519 
33,955 
17,263
 
 
 
 
8,393,092 
10,012,433 
9,869,600  
770,755 
920,001 
2,230,080
Net current assets 
 
5,491,624 
5,500,271 
7,122,497 
3,330,130 
2,679,985 
1,799,400
Non-current liabilities
Term loans 
21 
6,067,752 
6,078,919 
7,217,721  
3,495,610 
2,939,800 
3,325,600
Deferred taxation 
22 
196,626 
334,674 
331,175  
- 
- 
-
Other non-current liabilities 
19 
361,717 
286,615 
181,099  
91,675 
109,796 
121,041
 
 
 
 
6,626,095 
6,700,208 
7,729,995  
3,587,285 
3,049,596  
3,446,641
Net assets 
 
11,587,140 
11,972,959 
12,344,890 
7,643,238 
7,632,892 
6,619,709
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
--------------------------------------------------Page 119--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
124   
   
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
For the financial year ended 31 December 2018
 
 
                        
Note 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
Revenue 
23 
5,964,781 
5,963,773
Materials and subcontract costs 
 
(4,187,631) 
(3,957,402)
Staff costs 
24 
(987,830) 
(1,027,019)
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
(182,386) 
(212,380)
Impairment loss on financial assets 
 
(95,457) 
(130,110)
Other operating income - net 
 
531,089 
164,184
Operating profit 
25 
1,042,566 
801,046
One-off financial penalty & related costs i 
 
- 
(618,722)
Investment income 
26 
9,991 
19,871
Interest income 
26 
164,260 
137,928
Interest expenses 
26 
(198,443) 
(189,227)
Share of results of associated companies 
9 
221,518 
290,533
Profit before tax  
 
1,239,892 
441,429
Taxation 
27 
(283,747) 
(244,049)
Profit for the year 
 
956,145 
197,380
Attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company 
 
943,829 
196,025
Non-controlling interests 
5 
12,316 
1,355
 
 
 
 
956,145 
197,380
Earnings per ordinary share 
28
 
- basic 
 
52.0 cts 
10.8 cts
 
- diluted 
 
51.7 cts 
10.7 cts
i 
One-off financial penalty and related costs arose from Keppel Offshore & Marine’s global resolution with criminal authorities in the United States, Brazil and Singapore and 
related legal, accounting and forensics costs.
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
--------------------------------------------------Page 120--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   125
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the financial year ended 31 December 2018
 
 
                        
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
Profit for the year 
 
956,145 
197,380
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss account:
Available-for-sale assets
 
- Fair value changes arising during the year 
 
-  
1,619 
 
- Realised and transferred to profit and loss account 
 
- 
(28,815)
Cash flow hedges
 
- Fair value changes arising during the year, net of tax 
 
(238,794) 
357,211
 
- Realised and transferred to profit and loss account 
 
132,017 
(49,852)
Foreign exchange translation
 
- Exchange difference arising during the year 
 
(132,866) 
(220,787)
 
- Realised and transferred to profit and loss account 
 
5,574 
(9,537)
Share of other comprehensive income of associated companies
 
- Available-for-sale assets 
 
-  
719
 
- Cash flow hedges 
 
20,031 
(8,384)
 
- Foreign exchange translation 
 
(42,821) 
(93,232)
 
 
 
 
(256,859) 
(51,058)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss account:
Financial assets, at FVOCI
 
- Fair value changes arising during the year 
 
(31,566) 
-
Foreign exchange translation
 
- Exchange difference arising during the year 
 
(3,545) 
(17,311)
Share of other comprehensive income of associated companies
 
- Financial assets, at FVOCI 
 
581 
-
 
 
 
 
(34,530) 
(17,311)
Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of tax 
 
(291,389) 
(68,369)
Total comprehensive income for the year 
 
664,756 
129,011
Attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company 
 
656,303 
144,491
Non-controlling interests 
 
8,453 
(15,480)
 
 
 
 
664,756 
129,011
--------------------------------------------------Page 121--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
126   
   
Statements of Changes in Equity
For the financial year ended 31 December 2018
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
 
Attributable to owners of the Company
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreign
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exchange 
Share 
Non-
 
 
 
Share 
Treasury 
Capital 
Revenue 
Translation 
Capital & 
controlling 
Total
 
 
 
Capital 
Shares 
Reserves 
Reserves 
Account 
Reserves 
Interests 
Equity
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
Group
2018
As at 31 December 2017
As previously reported 
1,291,310  
(74) 
281,407 
10,486,054 
(626,009) 11,432,688 
527,746 
11,960,434
Adoption of SFRS(I) 1 
- 
- 
- 
(302,453) 
302,453 
- 
- 
-
Adoption of SFRS(I) 15 
- 
- 
- 
10,046 
- 
10,046 
2,479 
12,525
As adjusted at 31 December 2017 
1,291,310  
(74) 
281,407 
10,193,647 
(323,556) 11,442,734 
530,225 
11,972,959
Adoption of SFRS(I) 9 
- 
- 
1,058 
(236,296) 
- 
(235,238) 
(255) 
(235,493)
As reported at 1 January 2018 
1,291,310  
(74) 
282,465 
9,957,351 
(323,556) 11,207,496 
529,970 
11,737,466
Total comprehensive income 
 
for the year
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
943,829  
- 
943,829 
12,316  
956,145
Other comprehensive income * 
- 
- 
(117,413)  
- 
(170,113) 
(287,526) 
(3,863) 
(291,389)
Total comprehensive income 
 
for the year 
- 
- 
(117,413)  
943,829  
(170,113) 
656,303 
8,453 
664,756
Transactions with owners, 
 
recognised directly in equity
Contributions by and 
 
distributions to owners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividends paid (Note 29) 
- 
- 
- 
(526,152) 
- 
(526,152) 
- 
(526,152)
Share-based payment 
- 
- 
33,073  
- 
- 
33,073 
481  
33,554
Dividend paid to non-controlling 
 
shareholders 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(20,321) 
(20,321)
Shares issued 
412 
- 
- 
- 
- 
412 
- 
412
Purchase of treasury shares 
- 
(90,758) 
- 
- 
- 
(90,758) 
- 
(90,758)
Treasury shares reissued 
 
pursuant to share plans 
 
and share option scheme 
- 
45,759  
(40,435) 
- 
- 
5,324  
- 
5,324
Transfer of statutory, capital 
 
and other reserves from 
 
revenue reserves 
- 
- 
44,771 
(44,771) 
- 
- 
- 
-
Contributions to defined 
 
benefits plans 
- 
- 
814  
- 
- 
814 
- 
814
Other adjustments 
- 
- 
-  
30 
- 
30 
4,442 
4,472
Total contributions by and 
 
distributions to owners 
412  
(44,999) 
38,223 
(570,893) 
- 
(577,257) 
(15,398) 
(592,655)
Changes in ownership interests 
 
in subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Acquisition of additional interest 
 
in subsidiaries 
- 
- 
(8,332) 
- 
- 
(8,332) 
(1,426) 
(9,758)
Disposal of interest in 
 
subsidiaries 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(210,166) 
(210,166)
Other adjustments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(2,503) 
(2,503)
Total change in ownership 
 
interests in subsidiaries 
- 
- 
(8,332) 
- 
- 
(8,332) 
(214,095) 
(222,427)
Total transactions with owners 
412 
(44,999) 
29,891 
(570,893) 
- 
(585,589) 
(229,493) 
(815,082)
As at 31 December 2018 
1,291,722  
(45,073) 
194,943 
10,330,287 
(493,669) 11,278,210 
308,930 
11,587,140
* 
Details of other comprehensive income have been included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
--------------------------------------------------Page 122--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   127
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
 
Attributable to owners of the Company
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreign
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exchange 
Share 
Non-
 
 
 
Share 
Treasury 
Capital 
Revenue 
Translation 
Capital & 
controlling 
Total
 
 
 
Capital 
Shares 
Reserves 
Reserves 
Account 
Reserves 
Interests 
Equity
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
Group
2017
As at 1 January 2017
As previously reported 
1,288,394  
(15,523) 
11,486  
10,655,379  
(280,787) 
11,658,949  
674,691  
12,333,640 
Adoption of SFRS(I) 1 
- 
- 
- 
(280,787) 
280,787 
- 
- 
-
Adoption of SFRS(I) 15 
- 
- 
- 
9,023 
- 
9,023 
2,227 
11,250
As adjusted at 1 January 2017 
1,288,394  
(15,523) 
11,486  
10,383,615 
- 
11,667,972 
676,918 
12,344,890
Total comprehensive income 
 
for the year
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
196,025  
- 
196,025  
1,355  
197,380
Other comprehensive income * 
- 
- 
272,022  
- 
(323,556) 
(51,534) 
(16,835) 
(68,369)
Total comprehensive income 
 
for the year 
- 
- 
272,022  
196,025  
(323,556) 
144,491 
(15,480) 
129,011
Transactions with owners, 
 
recognised directly in equity
Contributions by and 
 
distributions to owners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividends paid 
- 
- 
- 
(363,531) 
- 
(363,531) 
- 
(363,531)
Share-based payment 
- 
- 
31,124  
- 
- 
31,124 
470  
31,594
Dividend paid to non-controlling 
 
shareholders 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(26,574) 
(26,574)
Shares issued 
2,916 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,916 
- 
2,916
Purchase of treasury shares 
- 
(19,428) 
- 
- 
- 
(19,428) 
- 
(19,428)
Treasury shares reissued 
 
pursuant to share plans 
 
and share option scheme 
- 
34,877  
(33,503) 
- 
- 
1,374  
- 
1,374
Transfer of statutory, capital 
 
and other reserves from 
 
revenue reserves 
- 
- 
22,462 
(22,462) 
- 
- 
- 
-
Cash subscribed by non-controlling 
 
shareholders 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
77 
77
Contributions to defined 
 
benefits plans 
- 
- 
707  
- 
- 
707 
152 
859
Other adjustments 
- 
- 
-  
- 
- 
- 
3,368 
3,368
Total contributions by and 
 
distributions to owners 
2,916  
15,449 
20,790 
(385,993) 
- 
(346,838) 
(22,507) 
(369,345)
Changes in ownership interests 
 
in subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Acquisition of additional interest 
 
in subsidiaries 
- 
- 
(22,891) 
- 
- 
(22,891) 
(43,489) 
(66,380)
Disposal of interest in subsidiaries 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(69,451) 
(69,451)
Other adjustments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4,234 
4,234
Total change in ownership 
 
interests in subsidiaries 
- 
- 
(22,891) 
- 
- 
(22,891) 
(108,706) 
(131,597)
Total transactions with owners 
2,916 
15,449 
(2,101) 
(385,993) 
- 
(369,729) 
(131,213) 
(500,942)
As at 31 December 2017 
1,291,310  
(74) 
281,407 
10,193,647 
(323,556) 
11,442,734 
530,225 
11,972,959
* 
Details of other comprehensive income have been included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
--------------------------------------------------Page 123--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
128   
   
Statements of Changes in Equity
 
 
Share 
Treasury 
Capital 
Revenue
 
 
Capital 
Shares 
Reserves 
Reserves 
Total
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
Company
2018
As at 1 January 2018 
  1,291,310 
(74) 
209,506 
6,132,150 
7,632,892
Total comprehensive income for the year 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
588,420  
588,420
Other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
1,945  
- 
1,945
Total comprehensive income for the year 
- 
- 
1,945  
588,420 
590,365
Transactions with owners, recognised 
 
directly in equity
Dividends paid 
- 
- 
- 
(526,152) 
(526,152)
Share-based payment 
- 
- 
31,125  
- 
31,125
Shares issued 
412 
- 
- 
- 
412
Purchase of treasury shares 
- 
(90,758) 
- 
- 
(90,758)
Treasury shares reissued pursuant to 
 
share plans and share option scheme 
- 
45,759  
(40,435) 
- 
5,324
Other adjustments 
- 
- 
- 
30 
30
Total transactions with owners 
412  
(44,999) 
(9,310) 
(526,122) 
(580,019)
As at 31 December 2018 
        1,291,722 
(45,073) 
202,141 
6,194,448 
7,643,238
Company
2017
As at 1 January 2017 
1,288,394  
(15,523) 
213,116  
5,133,722  
6,619,709
Total comprehensive income for the year
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
1,361,959  
1,361,959
Other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
672  
- 
672
Total comprehensive income for the year 
- 
- 
672  
1,361,959 
1,362,631
Transactions with owners, recognised 
 
directly in equity
Dividends paid 
- 
- 
- 
(363,531) 
(363,531)
Share-based payment 
- 
- 
29,221  
- 
29,221
Shares issued 
2,916 
- 
- 
- 
2,916
Purchase of treasury shares 
- 
(19,428) 
- 
- 
(19,428)
Treasury shares reissued pursuant to 
 
share plans and share option scheme 
- 
34,877  
(33,503) 
- 
1,374
Total transactions with owners 
2,916  
15,449 
(4,282) 
(363,531) 
(349,448)
As at 31 December 2017 
        1,291,310 
(74) 
209,506 
6,132,150 
7,632,892
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
--------------------------------------------------Page 124--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   129
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the financial year ended 31 December 2018
 
 
                        
Note 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
Operating activities
Operating profit 
 
1,042,566  
801,046
Adjustments:
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
182,386  
212,380
 
Share-based payment expenses 
 
34,885  
32,583
 
Profit on sale of fixed assets and an investment property 
 
(2,795) 
(20,142)
 
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries 
 
(604,638) 
(146,542)
 
Gain on disposal of associated companies 
 
(48,783) 
(62,673)
 
Impairment/write-off of fixed assets 
 
6,911 
15,530
 
Impairment/(write-back of impairment) of associated companies 
 
60,782 
(39,192)
 
Impairment of investments 
 
- 
14,330
 
Fair value gain on investment properties 
 
(84,886) 
(177,939)
 
Profit on sale of investments 
 
(2,232) 
(35,294)
 
(Gain)/loss from change in interest in associated companies 
 
(63,622) 
13,075
 
Unrealised foreign exchange differences 
 
27,622 
(87,745)
Operational cash flow before changes in working capital 
 
548,196  
519,417
Working capital changes:
 
Stocks  
 
(394,258) 
438,670
 
Contract assets 
 
357,046 
478,634
 
Debtors 
 
543,245 
122,556
 
Creditors 
 
(696,015) 
(217,728)
 
Contract liabilities 
 
12,430 
357,652
 
Investments 
 
(5,448) 
(17,549)
 
Intangibles 
 
(561) 
(731)
 
Amount due to/from associated companies 
 
177  
(60,578)
 
 
 
 
364,812  
1,620,343
Interest received 
 
154,482  
130,832
Interest paid 
 
(198,637) 
(184,841)
Net income taxes paid 
 
(195,904) 
(363,377)
Net cash from operating activities 
 
124,753  
1,202,957
Investing activities
Acquisition of subsidiaries 
A 
(38,052) 
-
Acquisition and further investment in associated companies 
 
(365,818) 
(291,356)
Acquisition of fixed assets and investment properties 
 
(254,511) 
(392,991)
Disposal of subsidiaries 
B 
1,085,671 
878,873
Proceeds from disposal of associated companies and return of capital 
 
179,342  
96,954
Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets 
 
5,524  
37,385
Advances to/from associated companies 
 
(216,636) 
(42,555)
Dividends received from investments and associated companies 
 
281,375  
270,199
Net cash from investing activities 
 
676,895  
556,509
Financing activities
Acquisition of additional interest in subsidiaries 
 
(3,337) 
(66,380)
Proceeds from share issues 
 
412   
2,916
Proceeds from reissuance of treasury shares pursuant to 
 
share option scheme 
 
5,324  
1,374
Proceeds from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries 
 
- 
77
Proceeds from term loans 
 
1,549,445  
1,700,023
Repayment of term loans 
 
(1,939,475) 
(2,707,102)
Purchase of treasury shares 
 
(90,758) 
(19,428)
Dividend paid to shareholders of the Company 
 
(526,152) 
(363,531)
Dividend paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries 
 
(20,321) 
(26,574)
Net cash used in financing activities 
 
(1,024,862) 
(1,478,625)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 
(223,214) 
280,841
Cash and cash equivalents as at beginning of year 
 
2,241,448 
2,018,772
Effects of exchange rate changes on the balance of cash 
 
held in foreign currencies 
 
(46,390) 
(58,165)
Cash and cash equivalents as at end of year 
C 
1,971,844 
2,241,448
--------------------------------------------------Page 125--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
130   
   
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
2018
1 January 2018
$’000
Principal and 
interest payments 
(net of proceeds)
$’000
Non-cash changes
31 December 2018
$’000
Acquisition of 
subsidiaries
$’000
Disposal of 
subsidiaries
$’000
Interest expense
(Note 26)
$’000
Foreign exchange 
movement
$’000
Term loans
7,793,003
(588,667)
297,923
(171,380)
199,464
18,166
7,548,509
2017
1 January 2017
$’000
Principal and interest 
payments (net of 
proceeds)
$’000
Non-cash changes
31 December 2017
$’000
Disposal of 
subsidiaries
$’000
Interest expense
(Note 26)
$’000
Foreign exchange 
movement
$’000
Term loans
9,053,042
(1,191,920)
(138,288)
189,223
(119,054)
7,793,003
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
Notes to Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
A. 
Acquisition of Subsidiaries
 
During the financial year, net assets of subsidiaries acquired at their fair values were as follows:
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Fixed assets 
47 
-
 
Investment Properties 
360,000 
-
 
Debtors and other assets 
530 
-
 
Bank balances and cash 
18,521 
-
 
Creditors 
(6,778) 
-
 
Borrowings 
(297,923) 
-
 
Current and deferred taxation 
(3,827) 
-
 
Total identifiable net assets at fair value 
70,570 
-
 
Amount previously accounted for as associated companies 
(32,484) 
-
 
Loss on remeasurement of previously held equity interest 
 
at fair value at acquisition date 
18,487 
-
 
Net assets acquired 
56,573 
-
 
Total purchase consideration 
56,573 
-
 
Less: Bank balances and cash acquired 
(18,521) 
-
 
Cash outflow on acquisition  
38,052 
-
 
Acquisition of subsidiaries during the year relates mainly to the acquisition of 77.6% interest in PRE 1 Investments Pte Ltd on 
 
20 December 2018.
--------------------------------------------------Page 126--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   131
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
B. 
Disposal of Subsidiaries
 
During the financial year, the book values of net assets of subsidiaries disposed were as follows:
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Fixed assets 
(4,272) 
(129,536)
 
Investment properties 
(948,613) 
(405,604)
 
Long term investments 
- 
(2,102)
 
Stocks 
(692,651) 
(282,344)
 
Debtors and other assets 
(7,939) 
(159,030)
 
Bank balances and cash 
(39,194) 
(36,374)
 
Creditors and other liabilities 
446,973 
77,431
 
Borrowings 
171,380 
138,288
 
Current and deferred taxation 
139,863 
13,280
 
Non-controlling interests 
210,166 
69,451
 
 
 
(724,287) 
(716,540)
 
Amount accounted for as associated company 
- 
73,593
 
Net assets disposed of 
(724,287) 
(642,947)
 
Net profit on disposal 
(604,638) 
(146,542)
 
Realisation of foreign currency translation reserve 
(7,575) 
9,698
 
Sale proceeds 
(1,336,500) 
(779,791)
 
Add: Payments received in advance 
- 
(174,538)
 
Less: Advance payments received in prior year 
174,538 
-
 
Less: Bank balances and cash disposed 
39,194 
36,374
 
Less: Deferred proceeds 
37,097 
39,082
 
Cash inflow on disposal  
(1,085,671) 
(878,873)
 
Significant disposal of subsidiaries during the year relates to the sale of Keppel China Marina Holdings Pte Ltd, Keppel Township 
Development (Shenyang) Co. Ltd, Keppel Bay Property Development (Shenyang) Co. Ltd and Aether Limited.
 
Significant disposal in the prior year relates to the sale of Keppel Lakefront (Nantong) Property Development Co Ltd, Wiseland Investment 
(Myanmar) Limited, 80% interest in PT Sentral Tunjungan Perkasa, Keppel DC Singapore 4, 90% interest in Keppel DC Singapore 3, Keppel 
Verolme and Kepwealth Property Phils., Inc. In addition, the Group lost control of some entities in the prior year but continued to retain 
significant influence. These entities were deconsolidated from the Group’s financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2017 and were accounted for as associated companies using the equity method from their respective dates of ceasing control.
C. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents
 
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and balances with banks. Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement 
of cash flows comprise the following balance sheet amounts:
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Bank balances, deposits and cash 
1,981,406 
2,273,788
 
Amounts held under escrow accounts for overseas acquisition of land, 
 
payment of construction cost and liabilities 
(9,562) 
(32,340)
 
 
 
1,971,844 
2,241,448
--------------------------------------------------Page 127--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
132   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2018
These notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements.
1. 
General
 
The Company is incorporated and domiciled in Singapore and is listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. 
 
The address of its principal place of business and registered office is 1 HarbourFront Avenue #18-01, Keppel Bay Tower, 
 
Singapore 098632.
 
The Company’s principal activity is that of an investment holding and management company.
 
The principal activities of the companies in the Group consist of:
- 
offshore oil-rig construction, shipbuilding & shiprepair and conversion;
- 
environmental engineering, power generation, logistics and data centres; 
- 
property development & investment; and
- 
investments and asset management.
 
There has been no significant change in the nature of these principal activities during the financial year.
 
The financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 and the balance sheet and statement of changes in 
equity of the Company at 31 December 2018 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors on 
 
25 February 2019.
2. 
Significant accounting policies
2.1 
Basis of Preparation
 
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Singapore Companies Act and Singapore Financial 
Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)s”) and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”). The financial statements have 
been prepared under the historical cost convention, except as disclosed in the accounting policies below.
2.2 
Adoption of SFRS(I)s and IFRSs
 
The Group has adopted a new financial reporting framework, SFRS(I)s, on 1 January 2018. SFRS(I)s comprise standards and 
interpretations that are equivalent to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board. An entity that complies with SFRS(I)s can also elect to simultaneously include an explicit and unreserved statement of 
compliance with IFRS. The Group has elected to assert dual compliance with both SFRS(I)s and IFRSs with effect from annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2018. All references to SFRS(I)s and IFRSs are referred to collectively as SFRS(I)s in these financial 
statements, unless specified otherwise. The financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 are the first set of annual 
financial statements the Group prepared in accordance with SFRS(I)s. The Group’s previously issued financial statements for periods up 
to and including the financial year ended 31 December 2017 were prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 
(“FRS”).
 
In adopting SFRS(I)s, the Group is required to apply all of the specific transition requirements in SFRS(I) 1 First-time Adoption of Singapore 
Financial Reporting Standards (International). Under SFRS(I) 1, these financial statements are required to be prepared using accounting 
policies that comply with SFRS(I) effective as at 31 December 2018. The same accounting policies are applied throughout all periods 
presented in these financial statements, subject to the mandatory exceptions and optional exemptions under SFRS(I) 1.
 
The Group’s opening balance sheet under SFRS(I)s has been prepared as at 1 January 2017, which is the Group’s date of transition to 
SFRS(I)s.
(a) 
Application of SFRS(I) 1
 
The Group has elected for the optional exemption to reset its cumulative translation differences for all foreign operations to nil 
at the date of transition at 1 January 2017. After the date of transition, any gain or loss on disposal of any foreign operations will 
exclude translation differences that arose before the date of transition. Consequently, the gains on disposal of subsidiaries and 
associated companies during the financial year ended 31 December 2017 were adjusted. 
 
The Group has presented (i) land appreciation tax under taxation instead of materials and subcontract costs, and (ii) share of 
taxation of associated companies under share of results of associated companies instead of taxation.
 
The Group has elected to apply the short-term exemption to adopt SFRS(I) 9 Financial Instruments on 1 January 2018. Accordingly, 
the requirements of FRS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement are applied to financial instruments up to the 
financial year ended 31 December 2017. The Group is also exempted from complying with SFRS(I) 7 Financial Instruments: 
Disclosure to the extent that the disclosures required by SFRS(I) 7 relate to the items within scope of SFRS(I) 9. As a result, the 
requirements under FRS are applied in place of the requirements under SFRS(I) 7 and SFRS(I) 9 to comparative information about 
items within scope of SFRS(I) 9. 
--------------------------------------------------Page 128--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   133
 
The Group has elected to apply the optional exemption relating to SFRS(I) 3 Business Combinations. Accordingly, SFRS(I) 3 has 
not been applied to business combinations that occurred before the date of transition on 1 January 2017. The carrying amounts 
of assets and liabilities at the date of transition to SFRS(I) is the same as previously reported under FRS. The Group has not 
applied SFRS(I) 1-21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates retrospectively to fair value adjustments and goodwill from 
business combinations that occurred before the date of transition to SFRS(I) on 1 January 2017. Such fair value adjustments and 
goodwill continue to be accounted for using the same basis as under FRS 21.
 
(b) 
Reconciliation of the Group’s balance sheets reported in accordance with FRS to SFRS(I)
 
 
 
 
As at 
 
 
As at
 
 
 
 
1 Jan 2017 
Effect of 
Effect of 
1 Jan 2017
 
 
 
 
reported 
applying 
applying 
reported
 
 
 
Explanatory 
under FRS 
SFRS(I) 1 
SFRS(I) 15 
under SFRS(I)
 
 
 
Note 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Share capital 
 
1,288,394  
- 
- 
1,288,394 
 
Treasury shares 
 
(15,523)  
- 
- 
(15,523) 
 
Reserves 
A1, C 
10,386,078  
* 
9,023 
10,395,101
 
Share capital & reserves 
 
11,658,949  
- 
9,023 
11,667,972
 
Non-controlling interests 
A1 
674,691  
- 
2,227 
676,918
 
Total equity 
 
12,333,640  
- 
11,250 
12,344,890
 
Represented by:
 
Fixed assets 
 
2,645,456  
- 
- 
2,645,456
 
Investment properties 
 
3,550,290  
- 
- 
3,550,290
 
Associated companies 
A1 
5,412,581  
- 
11,250 
5,423,831
 
Investments 
 
377,704  
- 
- 
377,704
 
Long term assets 
 
814,438  
- 
- 
814,438
 
Intangibles 
 
140,669  
- 
- 
140,669
 
 
 
 
12,941,138  
- 
11,250 
12,952,388
 
Current assets
 
Stocks & work-in-progress in excess of 
 
related billings 
A2 
10,025,805  
- 
(10,025,805) 
-
 
Stocks  
A2 
-  
- 
7,116,105 
7,116,105
 
Contract assets 
A2 
-  
- 
3,608,781 
3,608,781
 
Amounts due from associated companies 
 
433,380  
- 
- 
433,380
 
Debtors 
 
3,373,841  
- 
- 
3,373,841
 
Derivative assets 
 
98,984  
- 
- 
98,984
 
Short term investments 
 
273,928  
- 
- 
273,928
 
Bank balances, deposits & cash 
 
2,087,078  
- 
- 
2,087,078
 
 
 
 
16,293,016  
- 
699,081 
16,992,097
 
 
Current liabilities
 
Creditors 
A2, C 
4,753,492  
(25,737) 
755,563 
5,483,318
 
Derivative liabilities 
 
379,910  
- 
- 
379,910
 
Billings on work-in-progress in excess of 
 
related costs 
A2 
1,669,466  
- 
(1,669,466) 
- 
 
Contract liabilities 
A2 
-  
- 
1,612,984 
1,612,984
 
Provisions for warranties 
 
81,679  
- 
- 
81,679
 
Amounts due to associated companies 
 
111,543  
- 
- 
111,543
 
Term loans 
 
1,835,321  
- 
- 
1,835,321
 
Taxation 
C 
339,108  
25,737 
- 
364,845
 
 
 
 
9,170,519  
- 
699,081 
9,869,600
 
Net current assets 
 
7,122,497 
- 
- 
7,122,497 
 
Non-current liabilities
 
Term loans 
 
7,217,721  
- 
- 
7,217,721 
 
Deferred taxation 
 
331,175  
- 
- 
331,175 
 
Other non-current liabilities 
 
181,099  
- 
- 
181,099 
 
 
 
 
7,729,995  
- 
- 
7,729,995
 
 
Net assets 
 
12,333,640  
- 
11,250 
12,344,890 
* 
Effects of applying SFRS (I) 1 includes a reclassification of cumulative translation losses of $280,787,000 from foreign exchange translation account to 
revenue reserves as at 1 January 2017. Both foreign exchange translation account and revenue reserves are recorded under Reserves on the balance 
sheets.
--------------------------------------------------Page 129--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
134   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. 
Significant accounting policies (continued)
 
 
 
 
 
As at 
 
 
As at 
 
As at
 
 
 
 
31 Dec 2017 
Effect of 
Effect of 
31 Dec 2017 
Effect of 
1 Jan 2018
 
 
 
 
reported 
applying 
applying 
reported 
applying 
reported
 
 
 
Explanatory 
under FRS 
SFRS(I) 1 
SFRS(I) 15 
under SFRS(I) 
SFRS(I) 9 
under SFRS(I)
 
 
 
Note 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Share capital 
 
1,291,310 
- 
- 
1,291,310 
- 
1,291,310
 
Treasury shares 
 
(74) 
- 
- 
(74) 
- 
(74)
 
Reserves 
A1, B1, B2, C 
10,141,452 
* 
10,046 
10,151,498 
(235,238) 
9,916,260
 
Share capital & 
 
reserves 
 
11,432,688 
- 
10,046 
11,442,734 
(235,238) 
11,207,496
 
Non-controlling 
 
interests 
A1, B1, B2 
527,746 
- 
2,479 
530,225 
(255) 
529,970
 
Total equity 
 
11,960,434 
- 
12,525 
11,972,959 
(235,493) 
11,737,466
 
Represented by:
 
Fixed assets 
 
2,432,963 
- 
- 
2,432,963 
- 
2,432,963
 
Investment properties 
 
3,460,608 
- 
- 
3,460,608 
- 
3,460,608
 
Associated companies 
A1 
5,901,252 
- 
12,525 
5,913,777 
1,611 
5,915,388
 
Investments 
B1 
458,638 
- 
- 
458,638 
(40,846) 
417,792
 
Long term assets 
B1 
774,316 
- 
- 
774,316 
(170,524) 
603,792
 
Intangibles 
 
132,594 
- 
- 
132,594 
- 
132,594
 
 
 
 
13,160,371 
- 
12,525 
13,172,896 
(209,759) 
12,963,137
 
Current assets
 
Stocks & work-in- 
 
progress in excess 
 
of related billings 
A2 
8,782,251 
- 
(8,782,251) 
- 
- 
-
 
Stocks  
A2 
- 
- 
5,981,322 
5,981,322 
- 
5,981,322
 
Contract assets 
A2 
- 
- 
3,442,215 
3,442,215 
- 
3,442,215
 
Amounts due from 
 
associated 
 
companies 
 
342,960 
- 
- 
342,960 
- 
342,960
 
Debtors 
A2, B2 
3,169,417 
- 
(81,000) 
3,088,417 
(25,734) 
3,062,683
 
Derivative assets 
 
181,226 
- 
- 
181,226 
- 
181,226
 
Short term investments 
 
202,776 
- 
- 
202,776 
- 
202,776
 
Bank balances, deposits 
 
& cash 
 
2,273,788 
- 
- 
2,273,788 
- 
2,273,788
 
 
 
 
14,952,418 
- 
560,286 
15,512,704 
(25,734) 
15,486,970
 
Current liabilities
 
Creditors 
A2, C 
5,371,618 
(26,462) 
375,009 
5,720,165 
- 
5,720,165
 
Derivative liabilities 
 
37,969 
- 
- 
37,969 
- 
37,969
 
Billings on work-in- 
 
progress in excess of 
 
related costs 
A2 
1,764,874 
- 
(1,764,874) 
- 
- 
-
 
Contract liabilities 
A2 
- 
- 
1,950,151 
1,950,151 
- 
1,950,151
 
Provisions for warranties 
 
115,972 
- 
- 
115,972 
- 
115,972
 
Amounts due to 
 
associated companies 
 
253,331 
- 
- 
253,331 
- 
253,331
 
Term loans 
 
1,714,084 
- 
- 
1,714,084 
- 
1,714,084
 
Taxation 
C 
194,299 
26,462 
- 
220,761 
- 
220,761
 
 
 
 
9,452,147 
- 
560,286 
10,012,433 
- 
10,012,433
 
Net current assets 
 
5,500,271 
- 
- 
5,500,271 
(25,734) 
5,474,537
 
Non-current liabilities
 
Term loans 
 
6,078,919 
- 
- 
6,078,919 
- 
6,078,919
 
Deferred taxation 
 
334,674 
- 
- 
334,674 
- 
334,674
 
Other non-current 
 
liabilities 
 
286,615 
- 
- 
286,615 
- 
286,615
 
 
 
 
6,700,208 
- 
- 
6,700,208 
- 
6,700,208
 
Net assets 
 
11,960,434 
- 
12,525 
11,972,959 
(235,493) 
11,737,466
*  
Effects of applying SFRS (I) 1 relate to a reclassification of cumulative translation losses of $302,453,000 from foreign exchange translation account to 
revenue reserves as at 31 December 2017. Both foreign exchange translation account and revenue reserves are recorded under Reserves on the balance 
sheets.
--------------------------------------------------Page 130--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   135
(c) 
Reconciliation of the Group’s total comprehensive income reported in accordance with FRS to SFRS(I)
 
 
 
 
 
Effect of 
Effect of
 
 
 
 
Reported 
applying 
applying 
Reported
 
For the financial year ended 
Explanatory 
under FRS 
SFRS(I) 1 
SFRS(I) 15 
under SFRS(I)
 
31 December 2017 
Note 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Revenue 
 
5,963,773 
- 
- 
5,963,773
 
Materials and subcontract costs 
C 
(3,999,053) 
41,651 
- 
(3,957,402)
 
Staff costs 
 
(1,027,019) 
- 
- 
(1,027,019)
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
(212,380) 
- 
- 
(212,380)
 
Impairment loss on financial assets 
 
(130,110) 
- 
- 
(130,110)
 
Other operating income/(expenses) - net 
C 
180,467 
(16,283) 
- 
164,184
 
Operating profit 
 
775,678 
25,368 
- 
801,046 
 
One-off financial penalty & related costs 
 
(618,722) 
- 
- 
(618,722)
 
Investment income 
 
19,871 
- 
- 
19,871
 
Interest income 
 
137,928 
- 
- 
137,928
 
Interest expenses 
 
(189,227) 
- 
- 
(189,227)
 
Share of results of associated companies 
A1, C 
390,039 
(100,781) 
1,275 
290,533
 
Profit before tax  
 
515,567 
(75,413) 
1,275 
441,429
 
Taxation 
C 
(298,388) 
54,339 
- 
(244,049)
 
Profit for the year 
 
217,179 
(21,074) 
1,275 
197,380
 
Other comprehensive income
 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently 
 
to profit and loss account: 
 
 
Available-for-sale assets
 
- Fair value changes arising during the year 
 
1,619 
- 
- 
1,619
 
- Realised and transferred to profit and  
 
loss account 
 
(28,815) 
- 
- 
(28,815)
 
Cash flow hedges
 
- Fair value changes arising during the year 
 
357,211 
- 
- 
357,211
 
- Realised and transferred to profit and 
 
loss account 
 
(49,852) 
- 
- 
(49,852)
 
Foreign exchange translation
 
- Exchange difference arising during the year 
 
(237,715) 
16,928 
- 
(220,787)
 
- Realised and transferred to profit and 
 
loss account 
 
(30,994) 
21,457 
- 
(9,537)
 
Share of other comprehensive income of 
 
associated companies
 
- Available-for-sale assets 
 
719 
- 
- 
719
 
- Cash flow hedges 
 
(8,384) 
- 
- 
(8,384)
 
- Foreign exchange translation 
 
(93,232) 
- 
- 
(93,232)
 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently 
 
to profit and loss account:
 
Foreign exchange translation
 
- Exchange difference arising during the year 
 
- 
(17,311) 
- 
(17,311)
 
 
 
 
(89,443) 
21,074 
- 
(68,369)
 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
 
127,736 
- 
1,275 
129,011
(d) 
There were no material adjustments to the Group’s statement of cash flows arising from the transition from FRS to SFRS(I).
(e) 
The adoption of SFRS(I)s has no impact on the financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 
2017.
--------------------------------------------------Page 131--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
136   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. 
Significant accounting policies (continued)
 
Explanatory notes to reconciliations:
 
The effects of transition to SFRS(I) mainly arises from the adoption of SFRS(I) 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and 
SFRS(I) 9 as well as the application of SFRS (I) 1. 
A. 
Adoption of SFRS (I) 15
 
SFRS (I) 15 establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts 
with customers. Under SFRS (I) 15, an entity recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 
‘control’ of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer. 
 
In accordance with the requirements of SFRS(I) 1, the Group has adopted the SFRS(I) 15 retrospectively. The adoption of the 
SFRS(I) 15 resulted in adjustments to the previously issued FRS financial statements as explained below:
A1. 
The Group has equity accounted for an associated company’s impact arising from the application of SFRS (I) 15. 
A2. 
Presentation of contract assets and contract liabilities
 
The Group has also changed the presentation of balances relating to construction contracts with customers in the balance 
sheets. Balances which were previously presented under work-in-progress in excess of related billings and billings on work-
in-progress in excess of related costs were reclassified to contract assets, debtors, contract liabilities and creditors.
 
B. 
Adoption of SFRS(I) 9
 
As disclosed in Note 2.2(a), the Group has elected to apply the short-term exemption to adopt SFRS(I) 9 on 1 January 
2018. Accordingly, the requirements of FRS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement are applied to financial 
instruments up to the financial year ended 31 December 2017. The Group is also exempted from complying with SFRS(I) 7 
Financial Instruments: Disclosure to the extent that the disclosures required by SFRS(I) 7 relate to the items within scope of 
SFRS(I) 9. As a result, the requirements under FRS are applied in place of the requirements under SFRS(I) 7 and SFRS(I) 9 to 
comparative information about items within scope of SFRS(I) 9.
B1.  
Classification and measurement of financial assets
 
For financial assets held by the Group on 1 January 2018, management has assessed the business models that are 
applicable on that date to these assets so as to classify them into the appropriate categories under the SFRS(I) 9. Material 
reclassifications resulting from management’s assessment are disclosed below. 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Investments
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
at fair value
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
through
 
  
 Investments 
 
 
 
other
 
  
 
at fair value 
Available- 
Long term 
 
compre-
 
  
 
through 
for-sale 
assets 
 
hensive 
 
 
Non-
 
  
 profit & loss 
investments 
and 
Associated 
income 
Fair value 
Revenue 
controlling
 
  
Note 
(FVPL) 
(AFS) 
debtors 
companies 
(FVOCI) 
reserve 
reserves 
interests
 
  
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Balance as at 31 December 2017 
 -  before adoption of SFRS(I) 9 
 
253,438 
407,976 
3,862,733 
5,913,777 
- 
99,169 10,193,647 
530,225
 
Reclassify unlisted equities from AFS 
 to FVOCI 
(i) 
- 
(270,904) 
- 
- 
271,956 
1,058 
- 
(6)
 
Reclassify listed equities from AFS to 
 FVOCI 
(i) 
- 
(55,048) 
- 
- 
55,048 
- 
- 
-
 
Reclassify unlisted debt securities 
 from AFS to FVPL 
(ii) 
22,256 
(22,256) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Reclassify unquoted preference 
 shares from AFS to FVPL 
(ii) 
17,870 
(42,989) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(25,119) 
-
 
Reclassify loan to associate from  
 amortised cost to FVPL 
(iii) 
- 
- 
(185,692) 
- 
- 
- 
(185,692) 
-
 
Reclassify listed equity from FVPL to 
 FVOCI 
(iv) 
(4,123) 
- 
- 
- 
4,123 
- 
- 
-
 
Reclassify unquoted shares from 
 AFS to associated company and 
 long term assets 
(v) 
- 
(16,779) 
15,168 
1,611 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Provision for expected credit losses
 
- Trade debtors 
B2 
- 
- 
(25,734) 
- 
- 
- 
(25,485) 
(249)
 
Balance as at 1 January 2018 
 -  after adoption of SFRS(I) 9 
 
289,441 
- 
3,666,475 
5,915,388 
331,127 
100,227 
9,957,351 
529,970
--------------------------------------------------Page 132--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   137
(i) 
Equity investments reclassified from AFS to FVOCI 
 
The Group has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of all its equity investments not held for trading and 
previously classified as available-for-sale, in other comprehensive income. 
 
As a result, unlisted equities with fair value of $271,956,000 were reclassified from AFS to FVOCI on 1 January 2018, 
with related fair value gain of $1,058,000 recognised in fair value reserve. Listed equities with fair value of $55,048,000 
were also reclassified from AFS to FVOCI on 1 January 2018. 
 
(ii) 
Reclassification of unlisted debt securities and unquoted preference shares from AFS to FVPL
 
Investments in unlisted debt securities and unquoted preference shares was reclassified from AFS to FVPL. They are 
non-equity instruments that do not meet the criteria to be classified as amortised cost in accordance with SFRS(I) 
9, because their cash flows do not represent solely payments of principal and interest. Related fair value loss of 
$25,119,000 was recognised in revenue reserves on 1 January 2018.
(iii) 
Reclassification of loan to associate from amortised cost to FVPL
 
Loan to an associated company where the cash flows do not represent solely payments of principal and interest 
was reclassified from amortised cost to FVPL at its fair value of $93,312,000 at 1 January 2018. Related fair value 
loss of $185,692,000 was recognised in revenue reserves on 1 January 2018. The loan to an associated company is 
presented as part of “long term assets” in the balance sheet. 
(iv) 
Reclassify listed equity from FVPL to FVOCI
 
The Group has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income 
from 1 January 2018. 
(v) 
Reclassify unquoted shares from AFS to associated companies and long term assets
 
Long term investment amounting to $1,611,000 and $15,168,000 have been reclassified from AFS to investment in 
associated company and long term assets following reassessment of the investments.
B2. 
Impairment of financial assets
 
SFRS(I) 9 replaces the ‘incurred loss model’ in FRS 39 with an ‘expected credit loss’ model. The new impairment model 
applies to financial assets measured at amortised cost and FVOCI, and contract assets. The application of SFRS(I) 9 
impairment requirements at 1 January 2018 results in additional allowances for impairment of $25,734,000.
C. 
Application of SFRS(I) 1
 
As disclosed in Note 2.2(a), the Group has elected for the optional exemption to reset its cumulative translation differences 
for all foreign operations to nil at the date of transition at 1 January 2017. As a result, cumulative translation losses of 
$280,787,000 was reclassified from foreign exchange translation account to revenue reserves as at 1 January 2017. 
After the date of transition, any gain or loss on disposal of any foreign operations will exclude translation differences that 
arose before the date of transition. Consequently, the gains on disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies in 2017 
were adjusted, resulting in a reduction of $21,074,000 to the profit for the year ended 31 December 2017 or a reduction of 
$21,666,000 to the net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2017. 
 
The Group has presented (i) the land appreciation tax expenses of $41,651,000 for the year ended 31 December 2017 under 
taxation instead of materials and subcontract costs and the corresponding land appreciation tax balances of $26,462,000 
as at 31 December 2017 and $25,737,000 as at 1 January 2017 under taxation instead of creditors, and (ii) the share of 
taxation of associated companies of $95,990,000 for the year ended 31 December 2017 under share of results of associated 
companies instead of taxation.
2.3 
Basis of Consolidation
 
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities (including structured entities) 
controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 
The financial statements of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the financial year are included or excluded from the consolidated 
financial statements from their respective dates of obtaining control or ceasing control. All intercompany transactions, balances and 
unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction 
provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.  Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of 
subsidiaries to ensure consistency of accounting policies with those of the Group.
 
Acquisition of subsidiaries is accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured at the aggregate of 
the fair value of the assets transferred, equity instruments issued, liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of exchange and the fair 
values of any contingent consideration arrangement and any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary. Acquisition-related costs are 
recognised in the profit and loss account as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a 
business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date, irrespective of the extent of any non-controlling 
interests, except for deferred tax assets/liabilities, share-based related accounts and assets held for sale.  
 
Any excess of the cost of business combination over the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and 
contingent liabilities represents goodwill.  Any excess of the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and 
contingent liabilities over the cost of business combination is recognised in the profit and loss account on the date of acquisition.
--------------------------------------------------Page 133--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
138   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. 
Significant accounting policies (continued)
 
Changes in the Group’s interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying 
amounts of the Group’s interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the difference between the change in the carrying 
amounts of the non-controlling interests and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and 
attributed to owners of the Company.
 
When control of a subsidiary is lost as a result of a transaction, event or other circumstance, the Group derecognises all assets (including 
any goodwill), liabilities and non-controlling interests at their carrying amounts. Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive 
income in respect of that former subsidiary are reclassified to the profit and loss account or transferred directly to revenue reserves if 
required by a specific Standard. Any retained interest in the former subsidiary is recognised at its fair value at the date control is lost, with 
the gain or loss arising recognised in the profit and loss account.
 
On a transaction-by-transaction basis, the measurement of non-controlling interests is either at fair value or at the non-controlling 
interests’ share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the acquiree.
 
Contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the acquisition date; subsequent adjustments to the consideration are recognised 
against goodwill only to the extent that they arise from better information about the fair value at the acquisition date, and they occur 
within the ‘measurement period’ (a maximum of 12 months from the acquisition date). All other subsequent adjustments are recognised 
in the profit and loss account.
 
Non-controlling interests are that part of the net results of operations and of net assets of a subsidiary attributable to the interests 
which are not owned directly or indirectly by the owners of the Company. They are shown separately in the consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and balance sheet. Total comprehensive income is attributed to the 
 
non-controlling interests in a subsidiary based on their respective interests in a subsidiary, even if this results in the non-controlling 
interests having a deficit balance.
2.4 
Fixed Assets
 
Fixed assets are initially stated at cost and subsequently carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment 
loss, if any. The cost initially recognised includes its purchase price and any cost that is directly attributable to bringing the asset to the 
location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Subsequent expenditure is 
added to the carrying amount only when it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the entity and the cost can be measured 
reliably. When the carrying amount of an asset is greater than its estimated recoverable amount, it is written down to its recoverable 
amount. Profits or losses on disposal of fixed assets are included in the profit and loss account.
 
Depreciation of fixed assets is calculated on a straight-line basis to write off the cost of the fixed assets over their estimated useful lives.  
No depreciation is provided on freehold land and capital work-in-progress. The estimated useful lives of other fixed assets are as follows:
 
Buildings on freehold land 
20 to 50 years
 
Leasehold land & buildings 
Over period of lease (ranging from 15 to 60 years)
 
Vessels & floating docks 
10 to 20 years
 
Plant, machinery & equipment 
3 to 30 years
 
Furniture, fittings & office equipment 
2 to 10 years
 
Cranes 
5 to 30 years
 
Small equipment and tools 
2 to 20 years
 
The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at each year end, with the effect of any changes in 
estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
2.5 
Investment Properties
 
Investment properties comprise completed properties and properties under construction or re-development held to earn rental and/or for 
capital appreciation. Investment properties are initially recognised at cost and subsequently measured at fair value, determined annually 
based on valuations by independent professional valuers. Changes in fair value are recognised in the profit and loss account.
 
The cost of major renovations or improvements is capitalised and the carrying amounts of the replaced components are recognised in 
the profit and loss account.
 
On disposal of an investment property, the difference between the disposal proceeds and the carrying amount is recognised in the profit 
and loss account.
--------------------------------------------------Page 134--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   139
2.6 
Subsidiaries
 
A subsidiary is an entity (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group 
is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its 
power over the entity. The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are 
changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
 
When the Company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting rights are 
sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Company considers all relevant facts 
and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Company’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including: 
- 
The size of the Company’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;
- 
Potential voting rights held by the Company, other vote holders or other parties;
- 
Rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- 
Any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Company has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the 
relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.
 
Investments in subsidiaries are stated in the financial statements of the Company at cost less accumulated impairment losses. On 
disposal of a subsidiary, the difference between net disposal proceeds and carrying amount of the investment is taken to profit or loss.
2.7 
Associated Companies
 
An associated company is an entity, not being a subsidiary, over which the Group has significant influence, but not control.
 
Investments in associated companies are stated in the Company’s financial statements at cost less any impairment losses. On disposal 
of an associated company, the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the investment is taken to the profit 
and loss account.
 
Investments in associated companies are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting 
less impairment loss, if any. The Group’s share of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associated company is included 
in the consolidated profit and loss account and other comprehensive income respectively. The Group’s share of net assets of the 
associated company is included in the consolidated balance sheet.
 
Any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s share of net identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the associated 
company recognised at the date of acquisition measured at their fair values is recognised as goodwill. The goodwill is included within 
the carrying amount of the investment and is assessed for impairment as part of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the 
net identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities measured at their fair values over the cost of acquisition, after reassessment, is 
recognised immediately in the profit and loss account as a bargain purchase gain.
2.8 
Intangibles
 
Goodwill
 
Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the 
acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest (if any) in the entity over the net identifiable assets acquired 
and the liabilities assumed measured at their fair values at acquisition date. Goodwill is initially recognised as an asset at cost and is 
subsequently measured at cost less any impairment losses. If the Group’s interest in the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets 
exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the 
acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in the profit and loss account as a 
bargain purchase gain.
 
Management Rights
 
Management rights acquired is initially recognised at cost and subsequently carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses, if any. 
The useful life of the management rights is estimated to be indefinite because management believes there is no foreseeable limit to the 
period over which the management rights is expected to generate net cash inflows for the Group.
 
Other Intangible Assets
 
Intangible assets include development expenditure, customer contracts and customer relationships initially recognised at cost and 
subsequently carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Costs incurred which are expected to generate future economic benefits are 
recognised as intangibles and amortised on a straight line basis over their useful lives, ranging from 3 to 20 years.
--------------------------------------------------Page 135--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
140   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. 
Significant accounting policies (continued)
2.9 
Service Concession Arrangement
 
The Group entered into a service concession arrangement with a governing agency (the grantor) to design, build, own and operate a 
desalination plant in Singapore. Under the service concession arrangement, the Group will operate the plant for 25 years. At the end of the 
concession period, the grantor may require the plant to be handed over in a specified condition or to be demolished at reasonable costs 
borne by the grantor. Such service concession arrangement falls within the scope of SFRS(I) INT 12 Service Concession Arrangements.
 
The Group constructs the plant (construction services) used to provide public services and operates and maintains the plant (operation 
services) for the concession period as specified in the contract. The Group recognises and measures revenue in accordance with 
 
SFRS(I) 15 for the services it performs. 
 
The Group recognises a financial asset arising from the provision of the construction services when it has a contractual right to receive 
fixed and determinable amounts of payments irrespective of the output produced. The consideration receivable is measured initially at 
fair value and subsequently measured at amortised amount using the effective interest method.
2.10 Investments
(i) 
Before 1 January 2018
 
Investments are classified as held for trading or available-for-sale. Investments acquired for the purpose of selling in the short term 
are classified as held for trading. Other investments held by the Group are classified as available-for-sale.
 
Investments are recognised and derecognised on the trade date where the purchase or sale of an investment is under a contract 
whose terms required delivery of investment within the timeframe established by the market concerned.
 
Investments are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs except for investments held for trading, which are recognised 
at fair value. Transaction costs for investments held for trading are recognised immediately as expenses. Investments are 
subsequently carried at fair value. For unquoted equity investments whose fair value cannot be reliably measured using alternative 
valuation methods, they are carried at cost less any impairment loss.
 
For investments held for trading, gains and losses arising from changes in fair value are included in the profit and loss account.
 
For available-for-sale investments, gains and losses arising from changes in fair value are recognised directly in other 
comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve, until the investment is disposed of or is determined to be 
impaired, at which time the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to the 
profit and loss account.
 
The fair value of investments that are traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the balance sheet date. The 
quoted market prices are the current bid prices.  The fair value of investments that are not traded in an active market is determined 
using valuation techniques. Such techniques include using recent arm’s length transactions, reference to the underlying net asset 
value of the investee companies and discounted cash flow analysis.
(ii) 
From 1 January 2018
 
Investments are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss. 
 
Investments are recognised and derecognised on the trade date where the purchase or sale of an investment is under a contract 
whose terms required delivery of investment within the timeframe established by the market concerned.
 
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the acquisition of the investments. Investments at fair value through profit or loss are initially measured at 
fair value with the related transaction costs recognised immediately as expenses in the profit and loss account. 
 
Investments are subsequently carried at fair value. For investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, gains or 
losses arising from changes in fair value are included in other comprehensive income until the investment is disposed of, at which 
time the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to the revenue reserves. For 
investments at fair value through profit or loss, gains or losses arising from changes in fair value are included in the profit and loss 
account.
 
The fair value of investments that are traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the balance sheet date.  The 
quoted market prices are the current bid prices. The fair value of investments that are not traded in an active market is determined 
using valuation techniques. Such techniques include using recent arm’s length transactions, reference to the underlying net asset 
value of the investee companies and discounted cash flow analysis.
--------------------------------------------------Page 136--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   141
2.11 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting
 
Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently 
re-measured at fair value. Derivative financial instruments are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the 
fair value is negative.
 
Gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are taken to 
the profit and loss account.
 
For cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gains or losses on the hedging instrument is recognised directly in other comprehensive 
income and accumulated in the hedging reserve, while the ineffective portion is recognised in the profit and loss account. Amounts taken 
to other comprehensive income are reclassified to the profit and loss account when the hedged transaction affects the profit and loss 
account.
 
For fair value hedges, changes in the fair value of the designated hedging instruments are recognised in the profit and loss account.     
The hedged item is adjusted to reflect change in its fair value in respect of the risk hedged, with any gain or loss recognised in the profit 
and loss account.
 
The Group documents at the inception of the transaction the relationship between the hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as 
its risk management objective and strategies for undertaking various transactions. The Group also documents its assessment, both at 
hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives designated as hedging instruments are highly effective in offsetting 
changes in fair value or cash flows of the hedged items.
 
The fair value of forward foreign currency contracts is determined using forward exchange market rates at the balance sheet date.       
The fair value of High Sulphur Fuel Oil (“HSFO”) and Dated Brent forward contracts is determined using forward HSFO and Dated Brent 
prices provided by the Group’s key counterparty. The fair value of electricity future contracts is determined based on the Uniform 
Singapore Energy Price quarterly base load electricity futures prices quoted on the Singapore Exchange. The fair value of interest rate 
caps and interest rate swaps are based on valuations provided by the Group’s bankers.
2.12 Financial Assets
 
Financial assets include cash and bank balances, trade, intercompany and other receivables and investments. Trade, intercompany and 
other receivables are stated initially at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost as reduced by appropriate allowances for estimated 
irrecoverable amounts.
 
For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and bank deposits and 
are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. For cash subjected to restriction, assessment is made on the economic substance 
of the restriction and whether they meet the definition of cash and cash equivalents.
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the balance sheet when the Company and the Group 
has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and 
settle the liability simultaneously. A right to set-off must be available today rather than being contingent on a future event and must be 
exercisable by any of the counterparties, both in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy. 
2.13 Stocks 
 
Stocks, consumable materials and supplies are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value, cost being principally determined on 
the weighted average method. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated 
costs of completion and applicable variable selling expenses.
 
Properties held for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes cost of land and construction, related 
overheads expenditure, and financing charges incurred during the period of development. Net realisable value represents the estimated 
selling price less costs to be incurred in selling the property. 
 
Each property under development is accounted for as a separate project. Where a project comprises more than one component or phase 
with a separate temporary occupation permit, each component or phase is treated as a separate project, and interest and other net costs 
are apportioned accordingly.
2.14  Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
 
For contract where the customer is invoiced on a milestone payment schedule, a contract asset is recognised if the value of the contract 
work transferred by the Group exceed the receipts from the customer and a contract liability is recognised if the receipts from the 
customer exceed the value of the contract work transferred by the Group.
--------------------------------------------------Page 137--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
142   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. 
Significant accounting policies (continued)
2.15 Impairment of Assets
 
Financial Assets
(i) 
Before 1 January 2018
 
The Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset or a group of financial 
assets is impaired and recognises an allowance for impairment when such evidence exists.
 
Loans and receivables
 
Significant financial difficulties of the debtor and default or significant delay in payments are objective evidence that the financial 
assets are impaired. The carrying amount of these assets is reduced through the use of an allowance account and the loss is 
recognised in the profit and loss account. When the asset becomes uncollectible, the carrying amount is written off against the 
allowance account. If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be objectively 
measured, the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed to the extent that the carrying amount does not exceed the 
amortised cost had no impairment been recognised in the prior periods. The amount of reversal is recognised in the profit and loss 
account.
 
Investments
 
In addition to the objective evidence of impairment described in the preceding paragraph, significant or prolonged decline in the 
fair value of the investment below its cost is considered in determining whether the investment is impaired. If any such evidence 
exists for available-for-sale financial assets, the cumulative loss - measured as the difference between the acquisition cost and the 
current fair value, less any impairment loss on that financial asset previously recognised in the profit and loss account - is removed 
from equity and recognised in the profit and loss account. For available-for-sale equity investments, impairment losses previously 
recognised in the profit and loss account are not reversed through the profit and loss account in a subsequent period.
(ii) 
From 1 January 2018
 
The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt financial assets carried at 
amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk. Note 33 details how the Group determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. 
 
For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by the SFRS(I) 9, which requires 
expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables. 
 
Goodwill
 
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that the goodwill may be impaired. Goodwill included in the 
carrying amount of an associated company is tested for impairment as part of the investment.
 
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGU”s) expected to benefit 
from the synergies of the combination.
 
An impairment loss is recognised in the profit and loss account when the carrying amount of the CGU, including goodwill, exceeds the 
recoverable amount of the CGU. The recoverable amount of a CGU is the higher of the CGU’s fair value less cost to sell and value-in-use. 
The impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the CGU and then, to reduce the carrying 
amount of the other assets in the unit on a pro-rata basis. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent 
period.
 
Other Non-Financial Assets
 
Tangible and intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever there is any indication that these assets may be impaired.
 
Management rights are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that the management rights may be impaired.  
 
For the purpose of impairment testing, the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of the fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is 
determined on an individual asset basis unless the asset does not generate cash flows that are largely independent of those from other 
assets.  If this is the case, recoverable amount is determined for CGU to which the asset belongs.
 
If the recoverable amount of the asset (or CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or 
CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. The difference between the carrying amount and recoverable amount is recognised as 
impairment loss in the profit and loss account. An impairment loss for an asset is reversed if, and only if, there has been a change in 
the estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised.  The carrying amount 
of the asset is increased to its revised recoverable amount, provided that this amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would 
have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of impairment loss for an asset is 
recognised in the profit and loss account.
--------------------------------------------------Page 138--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   143
2.16 Financial Liabilities and Equity Instruments
 
Financial liabilities include trade, intercompany and other payables, bank loans and overdrafts. Trade, intercompany and other payables 
are stated initially at fair value and subsequently carried at amortised cost. Interest-bearing bank loans and overdrafts are initially 
measured at fair value and are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Interest expense calculated using the effective interest method 
is recognised over the term of the borrowings in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see below).
 
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity 
instruments are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.
2.17 Provisions
 
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that 
an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount can be made. Provisions are not 
recognised for future operating losses.
 
Provision for warranties is set up upon completion of a contract to cover the estimated liability which may arise during the warranty 
period. This provision is based on service history. Any surplus of provision will be written back at the end of the warranty period while 
additional provisions where necessary are made when known. These liabilities are expected to be incurred over the applicable warranty 
periods.
 
Provision for claims is made for the estimated cost of all claims notified but not settled at the balance sheet date, less recoveries, using 
the information available at the time. Provision is also made for claims incurred but not reported at the balance sheet date based on 
historical claims experience, modified for variations in expected future settlement. The utilisation of provisions is dependent on the timing 
of claims.
2.18 Leases
 
When a group company is the lessee
 
Operating leases
 
Leases of assets in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the assets by the lessor are 
classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentive received from lessor) are taken to the profit 
and loss account on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease. When an operating lease is terminated before the lease period has 
expired, any payment required to be made to the lessor by way of penalty is recognised as an expense in the period in which termination 
takes place.
 
When a group company is the lessor
 
Operating leases
 
Assets leased out under operating leases are included in investment properties and are stated at fair values. Rental income (net of any 
incentive given to lessee) is recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
2.19 Assets classified as held for sale
 
Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale 
transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded as met only when the sale is highly probable and the asset     
(or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be 
expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification.
 
When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary are 
classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are met, regardless of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest 
in its former subsidiary after the sale.
 
Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their previous carrying amount and fair 
value less costs to sell.
2.20 Revenue
 
Revenue consists of:
- 
Revenue recognised on rigbuilding, shipbuilding and repairs, property construction and long term engineering contracts;
- 
Sale of goods and services;
- 
Rental income from investment properties;
- 
Investment and fee income; and
- 
Dividend income.
 
Revenue recognition
 
The Group enters into rigbuilding, shipbuilding and repairs, property construction and long term engineering contracts with customers. 
These contracts are fixed in prices. Revenue is recognised when the control over the contract work is transferred to the customer. 
At contract inception, the Group assesses whether the Group transfers control of the contract work over time or at a point in time by 
determining if (a) its performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group; and (b) the Group has an enforceable 
right to payment for performance completed to date.
--------------------------------------------------Page 139--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
144   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. 
Significant accounting policies (continued)
 
The contract work, except for overseas property construction contracts, has no alternative use for the Group due to contractual 
restriction, and the Group has enforceable rights to payment arising from the contractual terms. For these contracts, revenue is 
recognised over time by reference to the Group’s progress towards completing the construction of the contract work. For overseas 
property construction contracts, the Group does not have enforceable rights to payment arising from the contractual terms. Revenue 
from overseas property construction contracts is recognised at a point in time when the rights to payment become enforceable.
 
The measure of progress for rigbuilding contracts, and shipbuilding and repair contracts, is determined by engineers’ estimates. The 
measure of progress for property construction and long term engineering contracts is determined based on the proportion of contract 
costs incurred to date to the estimated total contract costs. Costs incurred that are not related to the contract or that do not contribute 
towards satisfying a performance obligation are excluded from the measure of progress.
 
An impairment loss is recognised in the profit or loss to the extent that the carrying amount of capitalised contract costs exceeds the 
expected remaining consideration less any directly related costs not yet recognised as expenses.
 
Revenue from sale of goods is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of a promised 
good or service to the customer. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount of the transaction price allocated to the satisfied 
performance obligation.
 
Revenue from the rendering of services including electricity supply, logistic services, and operations and maintenance under service 
concession arrangement, is recognised over the period in which the services are rendered, by reference to completion of the specific 
transaction assessed on the basis of the actual services provided as a proportion of the total services to be performed.
 
Rental income from operating leases on investment properties are recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
 
Dividend income is recognised in the profit and loss account when the right to receive payment is established, and in the case of fixed 
interest bearing investments, on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method.
 
Interest income is recognised on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method.
2.21 Borrowing Costs
 
Borrowing costs incurred to finance the development of properties and acquisition of fixed assets are capitalised during the period 
of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use. Other borrowing costs are taken to the profit and loss 
account over the period of borrowing using the effective interest rate method.
2.22 Employee Benefits
 
Defined Contribution Plan
 
The Group makes contributions to pension schemes as defined by the laws of the countries in which it has operations. In particular, 
the Singapore companies make contributions to the Central Provident Fund in Singapore, a defined contribution pension scheme.  
Contributions to pension schemes are recognised as an expense in the period in which the related service is performed.
 
Employee Leave Entitlement
 
Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for 
leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the balance sheet date.
 
Share Option Scheme and Share Plans
 
The Group operates share-based compensation plans. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of 
options, restricted shares and performance shares is recognised as an expense in the profit and loss account with a corresponding 
increase in the share option and share plan reserve over the vesting period. The total amount to be recognised over the vesting period is 
determined by reference to the fair values of the options, restricted shares and performance shares granted on the respective dates of 
grant.
 
At each balance sheet date, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to become exercisable and share 
plan awards that are expected to vest on the vesting dates, and recognises the impact of the revision of the estimates in the profit and 
loss account, with a corresponding adjustment to the share option and share plan reserve over the remaining vesting period.
 
No expense is recognised for options or share plan awards that do not ultimately vest, except for options or share plan awards where 
vesting is conditional upon a market condition, which are treated as vested irrespective of whether or not the market condition is satisfied, 
provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied. 
 
The proceeds received from the exercise of options are credited to share capital when the options are exercised. When share plan awards 
are released, the share plan reserve is transferred to share capital if new shares are issued, or to the treasury shares account when 
treasury shares are re-issued to the employee.
--------------------------------------------------Page 140--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   145
2.23 Income Taxes
 
Current income tax is recognised at the amounts expected to be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax rates (and tax 
laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.
 
Deferred income tax assets/liabilities are recognised for deductible/taxable temporary differences arising between the tax bases of 
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts. The principal temporary differences arise from depreciation, valuation of investment 
properties, unremitted offshore income and future tax benefits from certain provisions not allowed for tax purposes until a later period.  
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary 
differences can be utilised.
 
Deferred income tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset/liability is 
realised/settled, based on the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheets date, and 
based on the tax consequence that will follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the balance sheet date, to recover or settle 
the carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities.
 
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable 
that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset 
when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes 
levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
 
Current and deferred tax are recognised as an expense or income in the profit and loss account, except when they relate to items credited 
or debited directly to equity, in which case the tax is also recognised directly in equity, or where they arise from the initial accounting for a 
business combination. In the case of a business combination, the tax effect is taken into account in calculating goodwill or determining 
the excess of the acquirer’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over cost.
2.24 Foreign Currencies
 
Functional Currency
 
Items included in the financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the currency that best reflects the economic 
substance of the underlying events and circumstances relevant to that entity (“functional currency”).
 
The financial statements of the Group and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of the Company are presented in 
Singapore Dollars, which is the functional currency of the Company.
 
Foreign Currency Transactions
 
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at exchange rates approximating those ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets 
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are translated at exchange rates approximating those ruling 
at that date. Exchange differences arising from translation of monetary assets and liabilities are taken to the profit and loss account. 
Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date 
when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not 
retranslated.
 
Foreign Currency Translation
 
For inclusion in the Group’s financial statements, the assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries and associated companies that are in 
functional currencies other than Singapore Dollars are translated into Singapore Dollars at the exchange rates ruling at the balance sheet 
date. Profit or loss of foreign subsidiaries and associated companies are translated into Singapore Dollars using the average exchange 
rates for the financial year. Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and 
liabilities of the foreign subsidiaries and associated companies. Exchange differences due to such currency translation are recognised in 
other comprehensive income and accumulated in Foreign Exchange Translation Account until disposal.
 
Disposal or partial disposal of a foreign operation
 
On the disposal of a foreign operation (i.e. a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving 
loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, loss of joint control over a jointly controlled entity that includes a 
foreign operation, or loss of significant influence over an associate that includes a foreign operation), all of the accumulated exchange 
differences in respect of that operation attributable to the Group are reclassified from equity to profit or loss. Any exchange differences 
that have previously been attributed to non-controlling interests are derecognised, but they are not reclassified to profit or loss. 
 
In the case of a partial disposal (i.e. no loss of control) of a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of 
accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss. For all other 
partial disposals (i.e. of associates or jointly controlled entities that do not result in the Group losing significant influence or joint control), 
the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to profit or loss.
--------------------------------------------------Page 141--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
146   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. 
Significant accounting policies (continued)
2.25 Share Capital
 
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new ordinary shares are deducted 
against the share capital account.
 
When shares are reacquired by the Company, the amount of consideration paid and any directly attributable transaction cost is 
recognised directly in equity. Reacquired shares are classified as treasury shares and presented as a deduction from total equity. When 
treasury shares are subsequently sold or reissued, the cost of treasury shares is reversed from the treasury shares account and the 
realised gain or loss on sale or reissue, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs, is recognised in non-distributable 
capital reserve. Voting rights related to treasury shares are nullified for the Group and no dividends are allocated to them respectively.
2.26 Segment Reporting
 
The Group has four reportable segments, namely Offshore & Marine, Property, Infrastructure and Investments. Management monitors the 
results of each of these operating segments for the purpose of making decisions on resource allocation and performance assessment.
2.27 Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments
(i) 
Critical judgments in applying the Group’s accounting policies
 
In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, the management is of the opinion that there is no instance of 
application of judgments which is expected to have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements, 
apart from those involving estimations and as follows:
 
Control over Keppel REIT
 
The Group has approximately 47% (2017: approximately 45%) gross ownership interest of units in Keppel REIT as at 31 December 
2018. Keppel REIT is managed by Keppel REIT Management Limited (“KRML”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group. The Group 
has provided an undertaking to the trustee of Keppel REIT to grant the other unitholders the right to endorse or re-endorse the 
appointment of directors of KRML at the annual general meetings of Keppel REIT. The Group has determined that it does not have 
control over Keppel REIT but continues to have significant influence over the investment. 
 
Control over KrisEnergy
 
The Group has approximately 40% (2017: approximately 40%) gross ownership interest of shares in KrisEnergy Limited 
(“KrisEnergy”) as at 31 December 2018. The management assessed whether or not the Group has control over KrisEnergy based 
on whether it has the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of KrisEnergy. In exercising its judgment, management 
considers the relative size and dispersion of the shareholdings owned by the other shareholders. Taking into consideration the 
approximately 20% (2017: approximately 26%) interest held by another two shareholders (2017: another single shareholder) 
of KrisEnergy, management concluded that the Group does not have sufficient dominant vesting interest to exert control over 
KrisEnergy but continues to have significant influence over the investment.
(ii) 
Key sources of estimation uncertainty
 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the balance sheet date that have a 
significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are 
as follows:
 
Expected credit loss on financial assets measured at amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECLs”) associated with its financial assets measured 
at amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”). The impairment methodology applied depends 
on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. Note 33 details how the Group determines whether there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk.
 
ECLs are probability-weighted estimates of credit losses. Credit losses are measured at the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. 
the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects 
to receive). ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset. At each balance sheet date, the Group assesses 
whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and at FVOCI are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when 
one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred. These 
events include probability of insolvency, significant financial difficulties of the debtor and default or significant delay in payments. 
 
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when 
estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost 
or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and 
informed credit assessment and includes forward-looking information.
 
The Group uses a provision matrix to measure the ECLs. In measuring the ECLs, assets are grouped based on shared credit risk 
characteristics and days past due. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each 
category of customers and adjusts to reflect current and forward-looking macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the 
customers to settle the receivables.
 
The carrying amounts of trade, intercompany and other receivables, and financial assets at FVOCI are disclosed in the balance sheet.
--------------------------------------------------Page 142--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   147
 
Impairment of non-financial assets
 
Determining whether the carrying value of a non-financial asset is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the 
cash-generating units. This requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected from the cash-generating units and an 
appropriate discount rate in order to calculate the present value of the future cash flows. The carrying amounts of fixed assets, 
investments in subsidiaries, investment in associates and joint ventures, and intangibles are disclosed in the balance sheet. 
Management performed impairment tests on these non-financial assets as at 31 December 2018. Refer to Notes 6, 8, 9 and 12 for 
more details.
 
Revenue recognition and contract cost
 
The Group recognises contract revenue and contract cost over time by reference to the Group’s progress towards completing the 
construction of the contract work. The stage of completion is measured in accordance with the accounting policy stated in Note 
2.20. Significant assumptions are required in determining the stage of completion, the extent of the contract cost incurred, the 
estimated total contract revenue and contract cost and the recoverability of the contracts. In making the assumption, the Group 
evaluates by relying on past experience and the work of engineers. Revenue from construction contracts is disclosed in Note 23. 
 
Revenue arising from additional claims and variation orders, whether billed or unbilled, is recognised when negotiations have 
reached an advanced stage such that it is probable that the customer will accept the claims or approve the variation orders, and 
the amount that it is probable will be accepted by the customer can be measured reliably.
 
Recoverability of contract asset and receivable balances in relation to Offshore & Marine construction contracts
 
Contracts with Sete Brasil (“Sete”)
 
The Group had previously entered into contracts with Sete for the construction of six rigs for which progress payments from 
Sete had ceased since November 2014. In April 2016, Sete filed for bankruptcy protection and its authorised representatives had 
been in discussion with the Group on the eventual completion and delivery of some of the rigs. Management has continually 
assessed the probable outcomes of these contracts by taking into consideration the progress and status of the discussions and 
market conditions in Brazil. During the financial year ended 31 December 2018, an expected credit loss on trade receivables of 
$102,000,000 (2017: $81,000,000) was recognised and a provision for contract related costs of $65,000,000 was made. Taking into 
consideration cost of completion, cost of discontinuance, salvage cost and unpaid progress billings with regards to these rigs, the 
total cumulative loss recognised in relation to these rig contracts amounted to $476,000,000.
 
Other contracts
 
As at 31 December 2018, the Group had several rigs that were under construction for customers where customers had requested 
for deferral of delivery dates of the rigs in prior years. See Note 14 on contract assets balances.
 
Management has assessed each deferred construction project individually to make judgment as to whether the customers will be 
able to fulfil their contractual obligations and take delivery of the rigs at the revised delivery dates.
 
Management has also performed an assessment of the expected credit loss on contract assets and trade receivables of deferred 
projects to determine if a provision for expected loss is necessary.
 
In the event that the customers are unable to fulfill their contractual obligations, the Group can exercise their right to retain 
payments received to date and the legal possession of the rigs under construction. Management has further assessed if the 
values of the rigs would exceed the carrying values of contract assets and trade receivables. Management has estimated, with the 
assistance of an independent professional firm, the values of the rigs using Discounted Cash Flow (“DCF”) calculations that cover 
each class of rig under construction. The most significant inputs to the DCF calculations include day rates and discount rates.
 
During the financial year ended 31 December 2018, an expected credit loss on contract assets of $21,000,000 was recognised.
 
Income taxes
 
The Group has exposure to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant assumptions are required in determining the 
provision for income taxes. There are certain transactions and computations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain 
during the ordinary course of business. The Group recognises liabilities for expected tax issues based on estimates of whether 
additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially 
recognised, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is 
made. The carrying amounts of taxation and deferred taxation are disclosed in the balance sheet.
 
Claims, litigations and reviews
 
The Group entered into various contracts with third parties in its ordinary course of business and is exposed to the risk of claims, 
litigations, latent defects or review from the contractual parties and/or government agencies. These can arise for various reasons, 
including change in scope of work, delay and disputes, defective specifications or routine checks etc. The scope, enforceability and 
validity of any claim, litigation or review may be highly uncertain. In making its judgment as to whether it is probable that any such 
claim, litigation or review will result in a liability and whether any such liability can be measured reliably, management relies on past 
experience and the opinion of legal and technical expertise.
--------------------------------------------------Page 143--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
148   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. 
Significant accounting policies (continued)
 
Civil action by EIG funds
 
In February 2018, the Company’s subsidiary, Keppel Offshore & Marine Limited (“KOM”) was served a summons by eight 
investment funds (“plaintiffs”) managed by EIG Management Company, LLC (“EIG”) where a civil action was commenced by the 
plaintiffs pursuant to the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (“RICO”) in the United States District Court, Southern 
District of New York. The plaintiffs seek damages for its loss of investment of US$221 million in Sete Brasil, trebled under RICO to 
US$663 million, plus interest, costs and mandatory attorneys’ fees under RICO. 
 
This new lawsuit came after an earlier civil action commenced by eight of EIG’s managed funds in the United States District Court, 
District of Columbia against, among others, the Company and KOM. The case was dismissed by the Court on 30 March 2017. 
 
Management is of the view that the reported cause of action by the plaintiffs is without merit and KOM will vigorously defend itself. 
As at the date of these financial statements, it is premature to predict or determine the eventual outcome of the action and hence, 
the potential amount of any loss cannot currently be assessed. KOM has filed a motion to dismiss EIG’s complaint.
3. 
Share capital
 
 
Group and Company
 
 
Number of Ordinary Shares (“Shares”)
 
 
Issued Share Capital 
Treasury Shares
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2018 
2017
 
Balance at 1 January 
1,818,334,180 
1,817,910,180 
(10,788) 
(2,232,510)
 
Issue of shares under the share option scheme 
60,000 
424,000 
- 
-
 
Treasury shares transferred pursuant to 
 
share option scheme 
- 
- 
731,500 
208,900
 
Treasury shares transferred pursuant to KCL RSP 
- 
- 
4,643,244 
4,862,822
 
Treasury shares purchased 
- 
- 
(11,300,000) 
(2,850,000)
 
Balance at 31 December 
1,818,394,180 
1,818,334,180 
(5,936,044) 
(10,788)
 
 
Amount ($’000)
 
 
Issued Share Capital 
Treasury Shares
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2018 
2017
 
Balance at 1 January 
1,291,310 
1,288,394 
(74) 
(15,523)
 
Issue of shares under the share option scheme 
412 
2,916 
- 
-
 
Treasury shares transferred pursuant to 
 
share option scheme 
- 
- 
6,253 
1,437
 
Treasury shares transferred pursuant to KCL RSP 
- 
- 
39,506 
33,440
 
Treasury shares purchased 
- 
- 
(90,758) 
(19,428)
 
Balance at 31 December 
1,291,722 
1,291,310 
(45,073) 
(74)
 
Fully paid ordinary shares, which have no par value, carry one vote per share and carry a right to dividends declared by the Company.
 
During the financial year, the Company issued 60,000 (2017: 424,000) Shares at an average weighted price of $6.86 (2017: $6.88)          
per Share for cash upon exercise of options under the KCL Share Option Scheme.
 
During the financial year, 4,643,244 (2017: 4,862,822) Shares under the KCL Restricted Share Plan (“KCL RSP”) were vested. 
 
During the financial year, the Company transferred 5,374,744 (2017: 5,071,722) treasury shares to employees under vesting of shares 
released under the KCL Share Option Scheme and KCL Share Plans. The Company also purchased 11,300,000 (2017: 2,850,000) treasury 
shares in the Company in the open market during the financial year. The total amount paid was $90,758,000 (2017: $19,428,000). Except 
for the transfer, there was no other sale, disposal, cancellation and/or use of treasury shares during the financial year.
--------------------------------------------------Page 144--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   149
 
KCL Share Option Scheme
 
The KCL Share Option Scheme (“Scheme”), which has been approved by the shareholders of the Company, is administered by the 
Remuneration Committee whose members are:
 
Till Bernhard Vestring (Chairman)
 
Lee Boon Yang
 
Danny Teoh
 
Tow Heng Tan
 
At the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company held on 23 April 2010, the Company’s shareholders approved the adoption of two 
new share plans, with effect from the date of termination of the Scheme. The Scheme was terminated on 30 June 2010. Options granted 
and outstanding prior to the termination will continue to be valid and subject to the terms and conditions of the Scheme.
 
Under the Scheme, an option may, except in certain special circumstances, be exercised at any time after two years but no later than the 
expiry date. The two-year vesting period is intended to encourage employees to take a longer-term view of the Company.
 
The Shares under option may be exercised in full or in respect of 100 Shares or a multiple thereof, on the payment of the subscription 
price. The subscription price is based on the average closing prices for the Shares of the Company on the Singapore Exchange Securities 
Trading Limited for the three market days preceding the date of offer. The number of Shares available under the Scheme shall not exceed 
15% of the issued share capital of the Company.
 
The employees to whom the options have been granted do not have the right to participate by virtue of the options in a share issue of any 
other company.
 
Movements in the number of share options and their weighted average exercise prices are as follows:
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
Weighted 
 
Weighted
 
 
 
 
average 
 
average
 
 
 
Number of 
exercise 
Number of 
exercise
 
 
 
options 
price 
options 
price
 
Balance at 1 January 
6,088,785 
$7.83 
14,025,974 
$8.92
 
Exercised 
(791,500) 
$7.25 
(632,900) 
$6.78
 
Cancelled 
(3,407,100) 
$8.57 
(7,304,289) 
$10.01
 
Balance at 31 December 
1,890,185 
$6.74 
6,088,785 
$7.83
 
Exercisable at 31 December 
1,890,185 
$6.74 
6,088,785 
$7.83
 
The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for options exercised during the financial year was $8.15 (2017: $7.58).           
The options outstanding at the end of the financial year had a weighted average exercise price of $6.74 (2017: $7.83) and a weighted 
average remaining contractual life of 0.9 year (2017: 1.0 year).
 
KCL Share Plans
 
The KCL Restricted Share Plan (“KCL RSP”) and KCL Performance Share Plan (“KCL PSP”) were approved by the Company’s shareholders 
at the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company on 23 April 2010. The two share plans are administered by the Remuneration 
Committee.
--------------------------------------------------Page 145--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
150   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
3. 
Share capital (continued)
 
Details of the KCL RSP, the KCL RSP-Deferred Shares, the KCL PSP and the KCL PSP-Transformation Incentive Plan (“KCL PSP-TIP”) are 
as follows:
KCL RSP
KCL RSP-Deferred Shares
KCL PSP
KCL PSP-TIP
Plan 
Description
Award of fully-paid ordinary 
shares of the Company, 
conditional on achievement 
of pre-determined targets 
at the end of a one-year 
performance period
Award of fully-paid ordinary 
shares of the Company
Award of fully-paid 
ordinary shares of the 
Company, conditional 
on achievement of pre-
determined targets over 
a three-year performance 
period
Award of fully-paid 
ordinary shares of the 
Company, conditional 
on achievement of pre-
determined targets over 
a six-year performance 
period
Performance 
Conditions
Return on Equity 
(2016 award)
-
(a) Economic Value Added
(b) Absolute Total 
Shareholder’s Return
(c) Relative Total 
Shareholder’s Return 
to MSCI Asia Pacific 
Ex-Japan Industrials 
Index (MXAPJIN) 
(2015 and 2016 awards)
(a) Absolute Total 
Shareholder’s Return
(b) Return on Capital 
Employed
(c) Net Profit
(2017 and 2018 awards)
(a) Absolute Total 
Shareholder’s Return 
(b) Corporate Scorecard 
Achievement 
comprising pre-
determined stretched 
financial and non-
financial targets for the 
Group
(c) Individual Performance 
Achievement
Final Award
0% to 100% of the 
contingent award granted, 
depending on achievement 
of pre-determined targets
100% of the awards granted
0% to 150% of the 
contingent award granted, 
depending on achievement 
of pre-determined targets
0% to 150% of the 
contingent award granted, 
depending on achievement 
of pre-determined targets
Vesting 
Condition 
and Schedule
If pre-determined targets 
are achieved, awards will 
vest equally over three 
years subject to fulfilment 
of service requirements
Awards will vest equally 
over three years subject 
to fulfilment of service 
requirements
If pre-determined targets 
are achieved, awards will 
vest at the end of the three-
year performance period 
subject to fulfilment of 
service requirements
If pre-determined targets 
are achieved, awards will 
vest at the end of the six-
year performance period 
subject to fulfilment of 
service requirements
 
Movements in the number of shares under the KCL RSP, the KCL RSP-Deferred Shares, the KCL PSP and the KCL PSP-TIP are as follows:
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
KCL RSP-
 
 
 
Deferred
 
 
 
Shares 
KCL PSP 
KCL PSP-TIP 
KCL RSP 
KCL PSP 
KCL PSP-TIP
 
Contingent awards/Awards 
 
(KCL RSP-Deferred Shares)
 
Balance at 1 January 
- 
2,525,000 
6,747,491 
5,726,426 
2,562,212 
5,625,000
 
Granted 
4,099,369 
1,180,000 
- 
- 
1,120,000 
2,040,000
 
Adjustments upon released 
- 
(575,000) 
- 
- 
(565,082) 
-
 
Released 
(4,097,507) 
- 
- 
(5,676,157) 
- 
-
 
Cancelled 
(1,862) 
(235,000) 
(781,524) 
(50,269) 
(592,130) 
(917,509)
 
Balance at 31 December 
- 
2,895,000 
5,965,967 
- 
2,525,000 
6,747,491
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
KCL RSP-
 
 
 
Deferred
 
 
KCL RSP 
Shares 
KCL PSP
 
Awards released but not vested:
 
Balance at 1 January 
5,102,365 
- 
4,854,898
 
Released 
- 
4,097,507 
5,676,157
 
Vested 
(3,278,043) 
(1,365,201) 
(4,862,822)
 
Cancelled 
(178,604) 
(111,969) 
(539,868)
 
Other adjustments 
(15,600) 
(34,100) 
(26,000)
 
Balance at 31 December 
1,630,118 
2,586,237 
5,102,365
--------------------------------------------------Page 146--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   151
 
Executive Directors who are eligible for the KCL Share Plans are required to hold a minimum number of shares under the share ownership 
guideline which requires them to maintain a beneficial ownership stake in the Company, thus further aligning their interests with 
shareholders.
 
As at 31 December 2018, there were 1,630,118 (2017: 5,102,365) shares under the KCL RSP and 2,586,237 (2017: nil) shares under the 
KCL RSP-Deferred Shares that were released but not vested. At the end of the financial year, the number of contingent Shares granted 
but not released was 2,895,000 (2017: 2,525,000) under the KCL PSP and 5,965,967 (2017: 6,747,491) under the KCL PSP-TIP. Depending 
on the achievement of pre-determined performance targets, the actual number of Shares to be released could range from zero to a 
maximum of 4,342,500 under the KCL PSP and zero to a maximum of 8,948,951 under the KCL PSP-TIP.
 
The fair values of the contingent award of shares under the KCL RSP and the KCL PSP are determined at the grant date using Monte 
Carlo simulation method which involves projection of future outcomes using statistical distributions of key random variables including 
share price and volatility.
 
On 23 February 2018, the Company granted awards of 4,099,369 Shares under the KCL RSP-Deferred Shares and the estimated fair value 
of the shares granted was $7.76. On 30 April 2018 (2017: 28 April 2017), the Company granted contingent awards of 1,180,000 (2017: 
1,120,000) Shares under the KCL PSP and the estimated fair value of the shares granted was $6.59 (2017: $5.22). In the prior year, the 
Company granted contingent awards of 2,040,000 Shares under the KCL PSP-TIP on 28 April 2017 and the estimated fair value of the 
shares granted was $1.74. 
 
The significant inputs into the model are as follows:
 
 
2018
 
 
KCL RSP-
 
 
Deferred Shares 
KCL PSP
 
Date of grant 
23.02.2018 
30.04.2018
 
Prevailing share price at date of grant 
$7.96 
$8.19
 
Expected volatility of the Company 
26.88% 
27.00%
 
Expected term 
0.00 - 2.00 years 
2.83 years
 
Risk free rate 
1.52% - 1.70% 
2.05%
 
Expected dividend yield 
* 
*
 
 
2017
 
 
KCL PSP 
KCL PSP-TIP
 
Date of grant 
28.04.2017 
28.04.2017
 
Prevailing share price at date of grant 
$6.51 
$6.51
 
Expected volatility of the Company 
23.47% 
23.47%
 
Expected term 
2.83 years 
4.83 years
 
Risk free rate 
1.35% 
1.64%
 
Expected dividend yield 
* 
*
* 
Expected dividend yield is based on management’s forecast.
 
The expected volatilities are based on the historical volatilities of the Company’s share price and the MXAPJIN price over the previous 
36 months immediately preceding the grant date. The expected term used in the model is based on the grant date and the end of the 
performance period. 
 
Share option and share plans of a subsidiary
 
Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation Ltd (“Keppel T&T”)
 
Details of share option and share plans granted by Keppel T&T are disclosed in its audited financial statements.
--------------------------------------------------Page 147--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
152   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
4. 
Reserves
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Capital Reserves
 
 
Share option and share plan reserve 
203,926 
202,048 
207,139 
177,529 
177,599 
184,593
 
 
Fair value reserve 
69,700 
99,169 
126,014 
16,957 
15,012 
14,340
 
 
Hedging reserve 
(198,816) 
(111,930) 
(410,797) 
- 
- 
-
 
 
Bonus issue by subsidiaries 
40,000 
40,000 
40,000 
- 
- 
-
 
 
Others 
80,133 
52,120 
49,130 
7,655 
16,895 
14,183
 
 
 
194,943 
281,407 
11,486 
202,141 
209,506 
213,116
 
Revenue Reserves 
10,330,287 
10,193,647 
10,383,615 
6,194,448 
6,132,150 
5,133,722
 
Foreign Exchange 
 
Translation Account 
(493,669) 
(323,556) 
-  
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
10,031,561 
10,151,498 
10,395,101 
6,396,589 
6,341,656 
5,346,838
 
Movements in the Group’s and the Company’s reserves are set out in the Statements of Changes in Equity. Movements in hedging 
reserve by risk categories are as follows:
 
 
 
 
Foreign  
Interest
 
 
 
 
exchange risk 
rate risk 
Price risk 
Total
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Group
 
2018
 
As at 1 January 
(174,557) 
(30,052) 
92,679 
(111,930)
 
Fair value changes arising during the year, net of tax 
(53,261) 
(23,137) 
(162,396) 
(238,794)
 
Realised and transferred to profit and loss account
 
 
- Revenue 
94,440 
- 
- 
94,440
 
 
- Materials and subcontract costs 
18,903 
- 
(82,973) 
(64,070)
 
 
- Other operating income – net 
86,400 
- 
- 
86,400
 
 
- Interest expenses 
- 
15,247 
- 
15,247
 
Share of associated companies’ fair value gains 
717 
19,314 
- 
20,031
 
Less: Non-controlling interests 
(140) 
- 
- 
(140)
 
As at 31 December 
(27,498) 
(18,628) 
(152,690) 
(198,816)
 
The changes in fair value of the hedging instruments approximate the changes in fair value of the hedged items, which resulted in 
minimal hedge ineffectiveness recognise in profit or loss. Fair value loss arising from hedge ineffectiveness for cash flow hedges of 
$16,513,000 was recognised in profit or loss during the year. 
5. 
Non-controlling interests
 
The Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (“NCI”) are as follows:
 
 
NCI percentage of
 
 
ownership interest and  
 
Profit after tax
 
 
voting interest 
Carrying amount of NCI 
allocated to NCI
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Beijing Aether Property 
 
Development Limited 
- 
49% 
49% 
- 
199,716 
202,855 
(277) 
2,150
 
Keppel Telecommunications & 
 
Transportation Ltd 
21% 
21% 
20% 
184,067 
174,784 
165,461 
12,728 
11,317
 
Other subsidiaries with 
 
immaterial NCI 
 
 
 
124,863 
155,725 
308,602 
(135) 
(12,112)
 
Total 
 
 
 
308,930 
530,225 
676,918 
12,316 
1,355
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
--------------------------------------------------Page 148--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   153
 
Summarised financial information before inter-group elimination
 
 
Beijing Aether Property 
Keppel Telecommunications &
 
 
Development Limited 
Transportation Ltd
 
 
 
31 December 
31 December
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Non-current assets 
- 
934,671 
1,360,166  
1,276,908 
 
Current assets 
- 
2,001 
326,630  
   272,816
 
Non-current liabilities 
- 
139,547  
490,930  
   366,009
 
Current liabilities 
- 
389,542  
194,919  
   222,985
 
Net assets 
- 
    407,583  
1,000,947  
960,730
 
Less: NCI 
- 
- 
(115,160) 
(113,499)
 
 
 
- 
    407,583  
885,787  
847,231
 
Revenue 
- 
- 
183,223 
176,988
 
(Loss)/profit for the year 
(294) 
4,387 
69,236 
60,184
 
Total comprehensive income/(loss) 
2,322 
(36,347) 
61,326 
65,478
 
Net cash flow (used in)/from operations 
(4,829) 
(8,909) 
4,123 
9,736
 
Total comprehensive income allocated to NCI 
1,282 
(17,810) 
11,387 
12,499
 
Dividends paid to NCI 
- 
- 
6,804 
6,495
 
During the financial year, the Group acquired additional interest in certain subsidiaries of the Company from its non-controlling interests. 
The following summarises the effect of the change in the Group’s ownership interest on the equity attributable to owners of the Company:
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Amounts paid/payable on changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries 
(9,758) 
(66,380)
 
Non-controlling interest acquired 
1,426 
43,489
 
Total amount recognised in equity reserves 
(8,332) 
(22,891)
6. 
Fixed assets
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Plant,
 
 
 
 
Freehold 
Leasehold 
 
Machinery, 
Capital
 
 
 
 
Land & 
Land & 
Vessels & 
Equipment 
Work-in-
 
 
 
 
Buildings 
Buildings 
Floating Docks 
& Others (1) 
Progress 
Total
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Group
 
2018
 
Cost
 
At 1 January 
115,711 
 2,068,595 
 292,682 
 2,015,487 
 368,501 
 4,860,976
 
Additions 
202  
1,269 
174 
54,633 
104,134 
160,412
 
Disposals 
(18) 
 (7,946) 
 (8,248) 
 (32,845) 
 - 
 (49,057)
 
Write-off 
-  
 - 
 - 
 (6,184) 
 (4,388) 
 (10,572)
 
Subsidiaries acquired 
-  
 - 
 - 
47 
- 
47
 
Subsidiaries disposed 
-  
 - 
(4,191) 
(1,601) 
(557) 
(6,349)
 
Reclassification
 
 
- Stocks 
               -  
- 
 - 
(319) 
- 
 (319)
 
 
- Other fixed assets categories  
           812  
 14,076 
 71,135 
 30,693 
 (116,716) 
- 
 
Exchange differences 
(2,406) 
(21,042) 
3,607 
(22,342) 
(3,356) 
(45,539)
 
At 31 December 
114,301 
 2,054,952 
 355,159 
 2,037,569 
 347,618 
 4,909,599
 
Accumulated Depreciation
 
At 1 January 
60,077 
 865,244 
 139,400 
 1,303,505 
 59,787 
 2,428,013
 
Depreciation charge 
3,597 
54,324 
9,667 
110,111 
-  
177,699
 
Disposals 
(18) 
 (7,474) 
 (8,234) 
 (30,262) 
-  
 (45,988)
 
Write-off 
- 
- 
- 
(3,661) 
- 
(3,661)
 
Subsidiaries disposed 
- 
- 
(979) 
(1,098) 
-  
(2,077)
 
Reclassification
 
 
- Other fixed assets categories 
(170) 
 10 
 12,410 
 160 
 (12,410) 
- 
 
Exchange differences 
(559) 
(5,915) 
(1,109) 
(8,806) 
(558) 
(16,947)
 
At 31 December 
62,927 
 906,189 
 151,155 
 1,369,949 
 46,819 
2,537,039
 
Net Book Value 
51,374 
 1,148,763 
 204,004 
 667,620 
 300,799 
2,372,560
--------------------------------------------------Page 149--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
154   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
6. 
Fixed assets (continued)
 
Included in freehold land & buildings are freehold land amounting to $7,812,000 (31 December 2017: $8,726,000, 1 January 2017: 
$8,758,000).
 
Certain fixed assets with carrying amount of $159,996,000 (31 December 2017: $155,748,000, 1 January 2017: $273,363,000) are 
mortgaged to banks for loan facilities (Note 21).
 
Interest capitalised during the financial year amounted to $2,009,000 (2017: $1,460,000).
 
The Group has $1,545,641,000 of fixed assets as at 31 December 2018 where management performed an impairment review.
 
Each rigbuilding, shipbuilding and repair facilities in the Offshore & Marine Division has been identified as individual cash generating units 
(CGUs). The recoverable amounts of these CGUs were determined using value-in-use models that incorporated cash flow projections 
based on financial forecasts approved by management. Management had determined the forecasted cash flows based on past 
performance and its current expectations of market development. These cash flows were discounted at discount rates ranging from 6% 
to 11% (31 December 2017: 6% to 13%, 1 January 2017: 6% to 14%) per annum, depending on the location of the facilities. In the prior 
year, the Group recognised impairment losses amounting to $3,102,000 relating to the Offshore & Marine Division’s assets.
 
In relation to the Infrastructure Division’s assets in China, the Group has estimated the recoverable amount of the relevant assets on the 
basis of their value in use. The discount rate used in measuring the value in use was 8.2% (31 December 2017: 9.0%, 1 January 2017: 
9.3%). In the prior year, the Group recognised impairment losses amounting to $3,700,000 relating to the Infrastructure Division’s assets 
in China.
 
In the prior year, the Group also recognised an impairment loss of $8,501,000 relating to the Property Division’s assets in China, which 
was based on the difference between the recoverable amount and the net book value of the fixed assets. The recoverable amount of the 
fixed assets was based on fair value determined using the income approach. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Plant,
 
 
 
 
Freehold 
Leasehold 
 
Machinery, 
Capital
 
 
 
 
Land & 
Land & 
Vessels & 
Equipment 
Work-in-
 
 
 
 
Buildings 
Buildings 
Floating Docks 
& Others (1) 
Progress 
Total
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Group
 
2017
 
Cost
 
At 1 January 
   121,640 
2,150,487 
516,442 
2,075,836 
311,979 
5,176,384 
 
Additions 
173 
9,775 
1,334 
51,108 
149,079 
211,469
 
Disposals 
(606) 
(22,319) 
(45,837) 
(57,415) 
- 
(126,177)
 
Write-off 
-  
- 
- 
(12,305) 
(10) 
(12,315)
 
Subsidiaries disposed 
        (4) 
(49,646) 
(172,064) 
(55,406) 
(16,320) 
(293,440)
 
Reclassification
 
 
- Stocks and other assets 
               - 
(775) 
 (46) 
 82 
 (1,370) 
 (2,109)
 
 
- Investment properties (Note 7) 
               - 
- 
-  
 (1,376) 
- 
 (1,376)
 
 
- Other fixed assets categories 
1,356 
7,636 
2,211 
60,273 
(71,476) 
- 
 
Exchange differences 
(6,848) 
(26,563) 
(9,358) 
(45,310) 
(3,381) 
(91,460)
 
At 31 December 
115,711 
 2,068,595 
 292,682 
 2,015,487 
 368,501 
 4,860,976
 
Accumulated Depreciation & 
 
Impairment Losses
 
At 1 January 
    59,736 
850,850  
255,130 
1,304,783 
60,429 
2,530,928 
 
Depreciation charge 
3,776 
56,206 
20,318 
127,073 
- 
207,373
 
Disposals 
       (526) 
(16,752) 
(40,756) 
(47,304) 
- 
(105,338)
 
Impairment loss 
- 
9,242 
10 
6,002 
49 
15,303
 
Write-off 
- 
26 
- 
(12,114) 
- 
(12,088)
 
Subsidiaries disposed 
(4) 
(24,745) 
(91,352) 
(47,803) 
- 
(163,904)
 
Reclassification
 
 
- Stocks and other assets 
               -  
 (1,791) 
- 
(152) 
- 
(1,943)
 
 
- Other fixed assets categories 
690 
 (690) 
 (4) 
 4 
- 
- 
 
Exchange differences 
(3,595) 
(7,102) 
(3,946) 
(26,984) 
(691) 
(42,318)
 
At 31 December 
60,077 
 865,244 
 139,400 
 1,303,505 
 59,787 
 2,428,013
 
Net Book Value 
55,634 
 1,203,351 
 153,282 
 711,982 
 308,714 
 2,432,963
(1)  
Others comprise furniture, fittings and office equipment, cranes and small equipment and tools.
--------------------------------------------------Page 150--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   155
 
 
 
 
 
Plant,
 
 
 
 
Freehold 
Machinery,
 
 
 
 
Land & 
Equipment 
Capital Work-
 
 
 
 
Buildings 
& Others (2) 
in-Progress 
Total
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Company
 
2018
 
Cost
 
At 1 January 
1,233 
8,693 
- 
9,926
 
Additions 
- 
550 
6,139 
6,689
 
Disposals 
- 
(452) 
- 
(452)
 
At 31 December 
1,233 
8,791 
6,139 
16,163
 
Accumulated Depreciation
 
At 1 January 
1,231 
8,399 
- 
9,630
 
Depreciation charge 
2 
307 
- 
309
 
Disposals 
- 
(452) 
- 
(452)
 
At 31 December 
1,233 
8,254 
- 
9,487
 
Net Book Value 
- 
537 
6,139 
6,676
 
2017
 
Cost
 
At 1 January 
1,233 
8,570 
- 
9,803
 
Additions 
- 
177 
- 
177
 
Disposals 
- 
(54) 
- 
(54)
 
At 31 December 
1,233 
8,693 
- 
9,926
 
Accumulated Depreciation
 
At 1 January 
1,220 
7,731 
- 
8,951
 
Depreciation charge 
11 
722 
- 
733
 
Disposals 
- 
(54) 
- 
(54)
 
At 31 December 
1,231 
8,399 
- 
9,630
 
Net Book Value 
2 
294 
- 
296
(2)  
Others comprise furniture, fittings and office equipment.
 
--------------------------------------------------Page 151--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
156   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
7. 
Investment properties
 
 
 
Group
 
 
 
31 December
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
At 1 January 
3,460,608 
3,550,290
 
Development expenditure 
94,099 
181,522
 
Fair value gain
 
 
- Attributable to the Group (Note 25) 
84,886 
177,939
 
 
- Attributable to third parties under a contractual agreement 
- 
4,814
 
Disposal 
(2,870) 
-
 
Subsidiary acquired 
360,000 
-
 
Subsidiary disposed 
(948,613) 
(405,604)
 
Reclassification
 
 
- Stocks (Note 13) 
(158,300) 
-
 
 
- Fixed assets (Note 6) 
- 
1,376
 
Exchange differences 
(38,430) 
(49,729)
 
At 31 December 
2,851,380 
3,460,608
 
The Group’s investment properties (including integral plant and machinery) are stated at Management’s assessments based on the 
following valuations (open market value basis), performed on an annual basis, by independent firms of professional valuers as at 
 
31 December 2018:
- 
Savills Valuation and Professional Services (S) Pte Ltd and Knight Frank Pte Ltd for properties in Singapore;
- 
Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited for properties in China;
- 
Savills Vietnam Co. Ltd for properties in Vietnam;
- 
CBRE Limited for a property in the Netherlands;
- 
Knight Frank LLP for a property in United Kingdom; and
- 
KJPP Willson dan Rekan (an affiliate of Knight Frank) for properties in Indonesia.
 
Based on valuations performed by the independent valuers, management has analysed the appropriateness of the fair value changes.
 
Interest capitalised during the financial year amounted to $3,408,000 (2017: $6,777,000).
 
The Group has mortgaged certain investment properties of up to an aggregate amount of $905,656,000 (31 December 2017: 
$552,684,000, 1 January 2017: $517,726,000) to banks for loan facilities (Note 21).
 
During the year, the Group reclassified $158,300,000 from investment properties to properties held for sale upon change of use of the 
asset from holding for capital gain and/or rental yield to property trading.
 
In 2017, the Group reclassified $1,376,000 from fixed assets to investment properties as there is a change in use of the properties arising 
from the commencement of operating leases to another party.
--------------------------------------------------Page 152--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   157
8. 
Subsidiaries
 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Quoted shares, at cost
 
 
Market value: $829,294,000 (2017: $701,714,000) 
398,140 
398,140 
398,140
 
Unquoted shares, at cost 
7,821,604 
7,821,594 
7,919,131
 
 
 
8,219,744 
8,219,734 
8,317,271
 
Provision for impairment 
(351,785) 
(246,885) 
(163,070)
 
 
 
7,867,959 
7,972,849 
8,154,201
 
Movements in the provision for impairment of subsidiaries are as follows:
 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
At 1 January 
246,885 
163,070 
31,070
 
Charge to profit and loss account 
104,900 
83,815 
132,000
 
At 31 December 
351,785 
246,885 
163,070
 
Impairment of $104,900,000 (2017: $83,815,000) made during the year mainly relates to an investment holding subsidiary that holds 
equity investments in the Oil & Gas segment. Due to the economic downturn in that segment, recoverable amount of the equity 
investments, based on a value-in-use (“VIU”) calculation, was projected to be below the Company’s cost of investment. Cash flows in the 
VIU calculation was discounted at 11.7% (2017: 10.0%) per annum.
 
Cash and cash equivalents of $684,375,000 (31 December 2017: $857,168,000, 1 January 2017: $946,797,000) held in the People’s 
Republic of China are subject to local exchange control regulations. These regulations place restriction on the amount of currency being 
exported other than through dividends and capital repatriation upon liquidations.
 
Information relating to significant subsidiaries consolidated in the financial statements is given in Note 37.
9. 
Associated companies
 
Group
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Quoted shares, at cost
 
 
Market value: $3,149,785,000 
 
(31 Dec 2017: $3,484,189,000; 
 
1 Jan 2017: $2,978,817,000) 
3,149,917 
3,105,919 
3,080,800
 
Unquoted shares, at cost 
2,096,656 
1,784,809 
1,640,502
 
 
 
5,246,573 
4,890,728 
4,721,302
 
Provision for impairment 
(161,367) 
(100,297) 
(150,845)
 
 
 
5,085,206 
4,790,431 
4,570,457
 
Share of reserves 
534,106 
526,582 
510,871
 
Carrying amount of equity interest 
5,619,312 
5,317,013 
5,081,328
 
Notes issued by associated companies 
315,787 
310,242 
245,000
 
Advances to associated companies 
304,586 
286,522 
97,503
 
 
 
6,239,685 
5,913,777 
5,423,831
 
Notes issued by an associated company of $245,000,000 are unsecured and will mature in 2040. The remaining Notes are denominated 
in USD, secured and will mature in 2024. Interest is charged at rates ranging from 0% to 17.5% (31 December 2017: 0% to 17.5%, 
 
1 January 2017: 17.5%) per annum.
 
Advances to associated companies are unsecured and are not repayable within the next 12 months. Interest is charged at rates ranging 
from 3.0% to 7.0% (31 December 2017: 3.0% to 7.0%, 1 January 2017: 6.0%) per annum on interest-bearing advances.
--------------------------------------------------Page 153--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
158   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
9. 
Associated companies (continued)
 
Movements in the provision for impairment of associated companies are as follows:
 
 
 
Group
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
At 1 January 
100,297 
150,845
 
Impairment loss/(write-back of impairment loss) 
60,782 
(39,192)
 
Disposal 
- 
(9,873)
 
Exchange differences 
288 
(1,483)
 
At 31 December 
161,367 
100,297
 
Impairment loss made during the year mainly relates to the shortfall between the carrying amount of the costs of investment and the 
recoverable amount of certain associated companies.
 
Write-back of impairment losses in the prior year mainly relates to the excess of recoverable amount of an associated company over the 
carrying amount of the investment which includes share of losses recognised by the Group in 2017.
 
 
 
Group
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
The Group’s share of net profit of associated companies is as follows:
 
Share of profit before tax 
317,699 
386,773
 
Share of taxation  
(96,181) 
(96,240)
 
Share of net profit 
221,518 
290,533
 
The carrying amount of the Group’s material associated companies, all of which are equity accounted for and whose activities are 
strategic to the Group’s activities, are as follows: 
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Keppel REIT 
1,972,303 
1,850,409 
1,844,738
 
Keppel Infrastructure Trust 
254,035 
267,169 
284,320
 
KrisEnergy Limited 
196,311 
321,562 
347,397
 
Keppel DC REIT 
377,616 
396,152 
392,834
 
Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City Investment and Development Co., Limited 
560,818 
541,837 
416,262
 
Floatel International Limited 
362,760 
342,694 
334,697
 
Other associated companies 
2,515,842 
2,193,954 
1,803,583
 
 
 
6,239,685 
5,913,777 
5,423,831
 
 
 
 
 
--------------------------------------------------Page 154--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   159
 
The summarised financial information of the material associated companies, not adjusted for the Group’s proportionate share, based on 
its SFRS(I) financial statements and a reconciliation with the carrying amount of the investment in the consolidated financial statements 
are as follows:
 
 
Keppel REIT
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Current assets 
274,529 
208,307 
290,193
 
Non-current assets 
7,509,922 
7,395,981 
7,245,132
 
Total assets 
7,784,451 
7,604,288 
7,535,325
 
Current liabilities 
134,156 
492,865 
59,869
 
Non-current liabilities 
2,314,699 
2,196,165 
2,576,898
 
Total liabilities 
2,448,855 
2,689,030 
2,636,767
 
Net assets 
5,335,596 
4,915,258 
4,898,558
 
Less: Non-controlling interests 
 (578,311) 
(151,834) 
(151,841)
 
       
4,757,285 
4,763,424 
4,746,717
 
Proportion of the Group’s ownership 
47% 
45% 
45%
 
Group’s share of net assets 
2,255,429 
2,146,723 
2,128,798
 
Other adjustments 
(283,126) 
(296,314) 
(284,060)
 
Carrying amount of equity interest 
1,972,303 
1,850,409 
1,844,738
 
Revenue 
165,858 
164,516 
#
 
Profit after tax  
154,588 
180,154 
#
 
Other comprehensive income/(loss)  
3,028 
(49,789) 
#
 
Total comprehensive income 
157,616 
130,365 
#
 
Fair value of ownership interest (if listed) ** 
1,834,206 
1,914,043 
1,505,741
 
Dividends received 
87,247 
80,011 
#
 
 
Keppel Infrastructure Trust
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Current assets 
521,616 
488,154 
516,723
 
Non-current assets 
3,283,391 
3,468,262 
3,601,919
 
Total assets 
3,805,007 
3,956,416 
4,118,642
 
Current liabilities 
1,233,598 
919,010 
937,324
 
Non-current liabilities 
1,393,153 
1,725,512 
1,727,348
 
Total liabilities 
2,626,751 
2,644,522 
2,664,672
 
Net assets 
1,178,256 
1,311,894 
1,453,970
 
Less: Non-controlling interests 
(125,780) 
(158,959) 
(198,580)
 
 
 
1,052,476 
1,152,935 
1,255,390
 
Proportion of the Group’s ownership 
18% 
18% 
18%
 
Group’s share of net assets 
191,761 
209,949 
228,607
 
Other adjustments 
62,274 
57,220 
55,713
 
Carrying amount of equity interest 
254,035 
267,169 
284,320
 
Revenue 
637,387 
632,476 
#
 
(Loss)/profit after tax 
(2,358) 
13,776 
#
 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
13,876 
(10,051) 
#
 
Total comprehensive income 
11,518 
3,725 
#
 
Fair value of ownership interest (if listed) ** 
341,023 
403,858 
333,622
 
Dividends received 
26,134 
26,126 
#
** 
Based on the quoted market price at 31 December (Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy).
# 
Information for 1 January 2017 is not available.
--------------------------------------------------Page 155--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
160   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
9. 
Associated companies (continued)
 
 
KrisEnergy Limited *
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Current assets 
147,702 
191,987 
183,440
 
Non-current assets 
761,267 
869,374 
1,236,024
 
Total assets 
908,969 
1,061,361 
1,419,464
 
Current liabilities 
103,342 
74,604 
273,951
 
Non-current liabilities 
671,960 
653,172 
546,346
 
Total liabilities 
775,302 
727,776 
820,297
 
Net assets 
133,667 
333,585 
599,167
 
Less: Non-controlling interests 
- 
- 
-
 
             
133,667 
333,585 
599,167
 
 
 
 
 
 
Proportion of the Group’s ownership 
40% 
40% 
40%
 
Group’s share of net assets 
53,213 
133,067 
239,607
 
Other adjustments 
72,311 
123,253 
107,790
 
Carrying amount of equity interest 
125,524 
256,320 
347,397
 
Notes issued by associated company 
70,787 
65,242 
-
 
 
 
196,311 
321,562 
347,397
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
216,454 
196,612 
#
 
Loss after tax 
(201,924) 
(293,277) 
#
 
Other comprehensive (loss)/income 
(132) 
32 
#
 
Total comprehensive loss 
(202,056) 
(293,245) 
#
 
Fair value of ownership interest (if listed) ** 
43,673 
60,425 
110,679
 
Dividends received  
                      - 
- 
#
 
 
Keppel DC REIT
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Current assets 
220,244 
178,078 
338,312
 
Non-current assets 
2,032,687 
1,585,204 
1,244,687
 
Total assets 
2,252,931 
1,763,282 
1,582,999
 
Current liabilities 
186,779 
53,224 
35,144
 
Non-current liabilities 
590,158 
593,556 
473,987
 
Total liabilities 
776,937 
646,780 
509,131
 
Net assets 
1,475,994 
1,116,502 
1,073,868
 
Less: Non-controlling interests 
(31,155) 
(26,786) 
(343)
 
 
 
1,444,839 
1,089,716 
1,073,525
 
Proportion of the Group’s ownership 
25% 
35% 
35%
 
Group’s share of net assets 
364,244 
380,617 
375,841
 
Other adjustments 
13,372 
15,535 
16,993
 
Carrying amount of equity interest 
377,616 
396,152 
392,834
 
Revenue 
175,535 
139,050 
#
 
Profit after tax 
146,009 
70,274 
#
 
Other comprehensive (loss)/income 
(4,628) 
21,044 
#
 
Total comprehensive income 
141,381 
91,318 
#
 
Fair value of ownership interest (if listed) ** 
459,925 
562,990 
466,534
 
Dividends received 
27,876 
20,958 
#
* 
As at the date of approval of these financial statements, the most recent available financial information on which equity accounting for the current year can be 
practically applied are those financial information from October of the preceding year to September of the current year. The difference in reporting period has no 
material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
** 
Based on the quoted market price at 31 December (Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy).
 
# 
Information for 1 January 2017 is not available.
--------------------------------------------------Page 156--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   161
 
 
Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City Investment and  
 
Development Co., Limited
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Current assets 
889,954 
816,431 
1,004,529
 
Non-current assets 
438,662 
458,652 
508,672
 
Total assets 
1,328,616 
1,275,083 
1,513,201
 
Current liabilities 
190,317 
165,498 
608,565
 
Non-current liabilities 
16,668 
25,912 
72,116
 
Total liabilities 
206,985 
191,410 
680,681
 
Net assets 
1,121,631 
1,083,673 
832,520
 
Less: Non-controlling interests 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
1,121,631 
1,083,673 
832,520
 
Proportion of the Group’s ownership 
50% 
50% 
50%
 
Group’s share of net assets 
560,815 
541,836 
416,260
 
Other adjustments 
3 
1 
2
 
Carrying amount of equity interest 
560,818 
541,837 
416,262
 
Revenue 
492,503 
1,247,882 
#
 
Profit after tax  
111,222 
267,163 
#
 
Other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
#
 
Total comprehensive income 
111,222 
267,163 
#
 
Dividends received 
22,493 
- 
#
 
 
Floatel International Limited
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Current assets 
186,613 
334,668 
263,092
 
Non-current assets 
1,771,181 
1,818,093 
2,038,004
 
Total assets 
1,957,794 
2,152,761 
2,301,096
 
Current liabilities 
104,714 
48,606 
62,292
 
Non-current liabilities 
1,141,620 
1,432,657 
1,584,259
 
Total liabilities 
1,246,334 
1,481,263 
1,646,551
 
Net assets 
711,460 
671,498 
654,545
 
Less: Non-controlling interests 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
711,460 
671,498 
654,545
 
Proportion of the Group’s ownership 
50% 
50% 
50%
 
Group’s share of net assets 
355,161 
335,212 
326,749
 
Other adjustments 
7,599 
7,482 
7,948
 
Carrying amount of equity interest 
362,760 
342,694 
334,697
 
Revenue 
393,535 
443,442 
#
 
Profit after tax  
22,225 
48,829 
#
 
Other comprehensive income 
6,796 
7,728 
#
 
Total comprehensive income 
29,021 
56,557 
#
 
Dividends received  
- 
- 
#
# 
Information for 1 January 2017 is not available.
--------------------------------------------------Page 157--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
162   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
9. 
Associated companies (continued)
 
For the investment in KrisEnergy Limited (“KrisEnergy”), management performed an assessment on the recoverable amount using a 
discounted cash flow model based on a cash flow projection from 2019 to 2037 applying certain estimates and assumptions, such as 
oil prices, discount rates, production volume, lifting costs, reserves and operating costs. The assumption for oil prices, ranging from 
US$67 to US$73 per barrel for 2019 to 2037 (31 December 2017: US$52 to US$70 per barrel for 2018 to 2036, 1 January 2017: US$59 
to US$76 per barrel for 2017 to 2032), is determined by taking reference from external information sources. The discount rate used is 
11.7% (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: 10%). The Group has recognised an impairment charge of $53,000,000 (2017: write-back 
of impairment charge of $46,000,000) during the financial year. The estimates and assumptions used are subject to risk and uncertainty. 
Therefore, there is a possibility that changes in circumstances will impact these projections, which may impact the recoverable amount 
of the investment in KrisEnergy. If the estimated oil prices applied to the discounted cash flows had been 10% (2017: 10%) lower than 
management’s estimates, the Group would have recognised a further impairment charge of $55,000,000 (2017: reduction in write-back of 
impairment charge by $24,000,000).
 
In addition, the Group carried out a review of the recoverable amount of an associated company held by its Offshore & Marine Division, 
in consideration of the fact that the fair value of the investment is significantly below its carrying amount as at the balance sheet date.  
The recoverable amount of the associated company was determined based on a value-in-use calculation where cash flow projections 
were based on financial forecasts by management. Management had determined the forecasted cash flows based on past performance 
and their current expectations of market development. Cash inflows were based on revenue projections from existing order books with 
an estimate of the terminal growth rate of 1.2% (31 December 2017: 2.2%, 1 January 2017: 2.0%) and a discount rate ranging from 
9.3% to 11.2% (31 December 2017: 7.9%, 1 January 2017: 7.6%) per annum on the cash flows. An impairment charge of $6,000,000                
(2017: $8,000,000) was recognised in the profit and loss account within other operating expense as a result of the above review.
 
An independent professional firm was engaged to assist in the impairment assessment for the financial year ended 31 December 2018.
 
Aggregate information about the Group’s investments in other associated companies are as follows:
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Share of profit before tax 
172,557 
168,364
 
Share of taxation 
(56,897) 
(26,698)
 
Share of other comprehensive loss 
(26,215) 
(41,061)
 
Share of total comprehensive income 
89,445 
100,605
 
Information relating to significant associated companies, including information on principal activities, country of operation/incorporation 
and proportion of ownership interest, and whose results are included in the financial statements is given in Note 37.
10. 
Investments
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Available-for-sale investments:
 
Carried at fair value
 
 
- Quoted equity shares 
- 
8,854 
12,878 
- 
- 
-
 
 
- Unquoted equity shares 
- 
53,419 
47,736 
- 
15,012 
14,340
 
 
- Unquoted property funds 
- 
185,187 
174,154 
- 
- 
-
 
 
- Unquoted - others 
- 
- 
11,788 
- 
- 
-
 
Total – Carried at fair value 
- 
247,460 
246,556 
- 
15,012 
14,340
 
Carried at cost
 
 
- Unquoted equity shares 
- 
83,212 
98,481 
- 
- 
-
 
 
- Unquoted - others 
- 
22,256 
23,694 
- 
- 
-
 
Total – Carried at cost 
- 
105,468 
122,175 
- 
- 
-
 
Total available-for-sale investments 
- 
352,928 
368,731 
- 
15,012 
14,340
 
Investments at fair value through other 
 
comprehensive income (“OCI”): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Quoted equity shares 
6,527 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
 
- Unquoted equity shares 
96,903 
- 
- 
16,957 
- 
-
 
 
- Unquoted property funds 
104,927 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Total investments at fair value through OCI 
208,357 
- 
- 
16,957 
- 
-
 
Investments at fair value through profit or loss:
 
 
- Quoted warrants 
29,332 
31,647 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
 
- Unquoted equity shares 
189,559 
74,063 
8,973 
- 
- 
-
 
 
- Unquoted - others 
22,267 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Total investments at fair value through 
 
profit or loss 
241,158 
105,710 
8,973 
- 
- 
-
 
Total investments 
449,515 
458,638 
377,704 
16,957 
15,012 
14,340
--------------------------------------------------Page 158--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   163
 
The breakdown of the investments at fair value through other comprehensive income is as follows:
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Unquoted property funds managed by 
 
a related company 
104,927 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Unquoted equity shares in real estate 
 
industry 
48,115 
- 
- 
16,957 
- 
-
 
Quoted and unquoted equity shares in 
 
oil and gas industry 
34,235 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Others 
21,080 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
208,357 
- 
- 
16,957 
- 
-
 
Quoted warrants are issued by an associated company, KrisEnergy.
 
Unquoted investments included a bond amounting to $39,868,000 (31 December 2017: $39,256,000, 1 January 2017: $41,700,000) 
bearing interest at 4% (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: 4%) per annum which is maturing in 2027. 
 
During the prior year, the Group recognised an impairment loss of $14,330,000 for certain unquoted equity securities in which the Group 
does not expect to recover its cost of investment.
11. 
Long term assets
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Staff loans 
633 
933 
1,395 
105 
386 
504
 
Derivative assets 
22,002 
26,780 
125,508 
8,751 
14,101 
97,199
 
Call option 
150,500 
137,200 
120,600 
- 
- 
-
 
Service concession receivable 
235,959 
115,835 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Long term receivables and others 
313,350 
535,762 
569,334 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
722,444 
816,510 
816,837 
8,856 
14,487 
97,703
 
Less: Amounts due within one year and 
 
included in debtors (Note 16) 
(42,980) 
(42,194) 
(2,399) 
(55) 
(141) 
(146)
 
 
 
 
679,464 
774,316 
814,438 
8,801 
14,346 
97,557
 
Included in staff loans are interest-free advances to directors of related corporations amounting to $47,000 (31 December 2017: 
$179,000, 1 January 2017: $221,000) under an approved car loan scheme.
 
The call option granted to the Group is in connection with the disposal of its 87.51% equity interest in Ocean Properties Pte. Limited to 
Keppel REIT in 2011. The Group has an option to acquire the same shares exercisable at the price of $1 upon the expiry of 99 years 
from 14 December 2011 under the share purchase agreement. The call option may be exercised earlier upon the occurrence of certain 
specified events as stipulated in the call option deed. As at 31 December 2018, the fair value was determined by reference to the 
difference in valuations obtained from an independent professional valuer for the underlying investment property based on the remaining 
843-year leasehold and 92-year leasehold (31 December 2017: based on the remaining 844-year leasehold and 93-year leasehold,              
1 January 2017: based on the remaining 845-year leasehold and 94-year leasehold). The details of the valuation techniques and inputs 
used for the call option are disclosed in Note 33.
 
The service concession receivable relates to a service concession arrangement with a governing agency of the Government of Singapore 
(the grantor) to design, build, own and operate a desalination plant in Singapore, which has a capacity to produce 137,000 cubic metres 
of fresh drinking water per day. The plant is expected to be operational in 2020. The Group has a contractual right under the concession 
arrangement to receive fixed and determinable amounts of payment during the concession period of 25 years irrespective of the output 
produced. At the end of the concession period, the grantor may require the plant to be handed over in a specified condition or to be 
demolished at reasonable costs borne by the grantor. In arriving at the carrying value of the service concession arrangements as at 
the end of the reporting year, effective interest rates of 4.30% (31 December 2017: 4.33%) per annum were used to discount the future 
expected cash flows.
 
Long term receivables are unsecured, largely repayable after five years (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: five years) and bears 
effective interest ranging from 2.00% to 9.00% (31 December 2017: 2.00% to 6.00%, 1 January 2017: 2.00% to 11.00%) per annum.
 
The carrying amounts of the long term receivables of the Group approximate their fair values. 
 
Included in the long term receivables is an unsecured, interest-bearing USD loan amounting to $139,799,000 (31 December 2017: 
secured, interest-bearing US$ loan amounting to $279,004,000, 1 January 2017: secured, interest-bearing US$ loan amounting to 
$285,167,000) which is repayable on 2025 by an associated company. 
--------------------------------------------------Page 159--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
164   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
12. 
Intangibles
 
 
 
 
 
Development 
Management 
Customer 
Customer
 
 
 
 
Goodwill 
Expenditure 
Rights 
Contracts 
Relationships 
Total
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Group
 
2018
 
At 1 January 
59,270 
19,073 
16,757 
13,227 
24,267 
132,594
 
Additions 
- 
561 
- 
- 
- 
561
 
Amortisation 
- 
(1,760) 
- 
(1,464) 
(1,463) 
(4,687)
 
Exchange differences 
- 
143 
- 
- 
396 
539
 
At 31 December 
59,270 
18,017 
16,757 
11,763 
23,200 
129,007
 
Cost  
59,270 
38,808 
16,757 
24,963 
28,342 
168,140
 
Accumulated amortisation 
- 
(20,791) 
- 
(13,200) 
(5,142) 
(39,133)
 
 
 
 
59,270 
18,017 
16,757 
11,763 
23,200 
129,007
 
2017
 
At 1 January 
59,270 
20,779 
16,757 
14,694 
29,169 
140,669
 
Additions 
- 
731 
- 
- 
- 
731
 
Amortisation 
- 
(1,646) 
- 
(1,467) 
(1,894) 
(5,007)
 
Reversal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,195) 
(1,195)
 
Exchange differences 
- 
(791) 
- 
- 
(1,813) 
(2,604)
 
At 31 December 
59,270 
19,073 
16,757 
13,227 
24,267 
132,594
 
Cost  
59,270 
38,122 
16,757 
24,963 
27,775 
166,887
 
Accumulated amortisation 
- 
(19,049) 
- 
(11,736) 
(3,508) 
(34,293)
 
 
 
 
59,270 
19,073 
16,757 
13,227 
24,267 
132,594
 
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units.
 
Out of the total goodwill of $59,270,000, goodwill allocated to a cash-generating unit in the Infrastructure Division amounted to 
$57,178,000 (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: $57,178,000). The recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit at the balance 
sheet date is based on current bid prices of the quoted shares of the cash-generating unit. 
 
The recoverable amount of management rights is determined based on cash flow projections from the provision of asset management 
services using a pre-tax discount rate of 5.0% (31 December 2017: 5.0%, 1 January 2017: 6.5%) per annum. The key assumptions are 
those regarding the discount rate and expected changes to assets under management and net property income of these assets.
13. 
Stocks
 
Group
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Consumable materials and supplies 
 
162,445 
110,434 
150,096
 
Finished products for sale 
 
103,995 
96,978 
85,889
 
Work-in-progress (net of provision) 
 
594,312 
763,255 
724,890
 
Properties held for sale 
(a) 
4,653,254 
4,809,375 
5,606,865
 
 
 
 
5,514,006 
5,780,042 
6,567,740
 
 
 
 
For work-in-progress balances, the Group determines the estimated net realisable value based on arrangements to market the work-
in-progress and discounted cash flow models. The provision for work-in-progress at the end of the financial year was $53,697,000              
(31 December 2017: $52,483,000, 1 January 2017: $55,055,000).
--------------------------------------------------Page 160--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   165
(a) 
Properties held for sale
 
 
Group
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Properties under development
 
 
Land cost 
2,587,958 
2,380,942 
2,738,209
 
 
Development cost incurred to date 
544,505 
866,949 
784,947
 
 
Related overhead expenditure 
244,828 
314,834 
288,238
 
 
 
3,377,291 
3,562,725 
3,811,394
 
Completed properties held for sale 
1,304,119 
1,284,426 
1,867,887
 
 
 
4,681,410 
4,847,151 
5,679,281
 
Provision for properties held for sale 
(28,156) 
(37,776) 
(72,416)
 
 
 
4,653,254 
4,809,375 
5,606,865
 
Movements in the provision for properties held for sale are as follows:
 
At 1 January 
37,776 
72,416 
83,959
 
Charge to profit and loss account 
799 
- 
19,008
 
Exchange differences 
(33) 
(383) 
(400)
 
Amount written off 
(10,386) 
(28,866) 
(15,155)
 
Subsidiary disposed 
- 
(5,391) 
(14,996)
 
At 31 December 
28,156 
37,776 
72,416
 
The provision for properties held for sale is arrived at after taking into account estimated selling prices and estimated total 
construction costs. The estimated selling prices are based on recent selling prices for the development project or comparable 
projects and the prevailing market conditions. The estimated total construction costs include contracted amounts plus estimated 
costs to be incurred based on historical trends. The provision is progressively reversed for those residential units sold above their 
carrying amounts.
 
Interest capitalised during the financial year amounted to $31,288,000 (2017: $44,187,000) at rate of 3.30% (2017: 1.60% to 3.36%) 
per annum for Singapore properties and 4.75% to 15.00% (2017: 0.05% to 15.00%) per annum for overseas properties.
 
In 2017, certain properties held for sale with carrying amount of $1,186,296,000 are mortgaged to banks for loan facilities         
(Note 21).
14. 
Contract assets/liabilities
 
Group
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Contract assets 
3,212,712 
3,643,495 
4,157,146
 
Contract liabilities 
1,918,547 
1,950,151 
1,612,984
 
Contract assets relating to certain rig building contracts where the scheduled dates of the rigs have been deferred and have higher 
counter-party risks amounted to $1,383,286,000 (2017: $1,127,566,000, 1 January 2017: $868,535,000).
 
Contract liabilities included proceeds received from sale of properties of $890,139,000 (31 December 2017: $677,997,000, 1 January 
2017: $424,376,000).
 
Revenue recognised during the financial year ended 31 December 2018 in relation to contract liability balance at 1 January 2018 was 
$544,361,000 (2017: $409,175,000). 
 
The aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation is $4,553,150,000 and the Group 
expects to recognise this revenue over the next 1 to 6 years.
 
As permitted under the transitional provisions in the SFRS(I) 15, the transaction price allocated to partially or fully unsatisfied 
performance obligations as of 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017 is not disclosed. 
--------------------------------------------------Page 161--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
166   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
14. 
Contract assets/liabilities (continued)
 
Movements in the provision for contract assets are as follows:
 
Group
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
At 1 January 
- 
- 
-
 
Charge to profit and loss account 
21,000 
- 
-
 
At 31 December 
21,000 
- 
-
15. 
Amounts due from/to
 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Subsidiaries
 
Amounts due from
 
 
- trade 
163,800 
97,984 
86,001
 
 
- advances 
3,885,921 
3,407,536 
3,902,961
 
 
 
 
4,049,721 
3,505,520 
3,988,962
 
Provision for doubtful debts 
(6,600) 
(6,600) 
(6,600)
 
 
 
 
4,043,121 
3,498,920 
3,982,362
 
Amounts due to
 
 
- trade 
8,130 
4,726 
900,632
 
 
- advances 
154,481 
231,677 
162,090
 
 
 
 
162,611 
236,403 
1,062,722
 
Movements in the provision for doubtful debts are as follows:
 
At 1 January/31 December 
6,600 
6,600 
6,600
 
Advances to and from subsidiaries are unsecured and are repayable on demand. Interest is charged at rates up to 4.00% (2017: up to 
4.00%) per annum on interest-bearing advances.
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Associated Companies
 
Amounts due from
 
 
- trade 
84,201 
66,482 
61,117 
548 
733 
688
 
 
- advances 
223,526 
291,735 
373,394 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
307,727 
358,217 
434,511 
548 
733 
688
 
Provision for doubtful debts 
(15,998) 
(15,257) 
(1,131) 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
291,729 
342,960 
433,380 
548 
733 
688
 
Amounts due to
 
 
- trade 
51,979 
34,110 
16,094 
- 
- 
-
 
 
- advances 
63,845 
219,221 
95,449 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
115,824 
253,331 
111,543 
- 
- 
-
 
Movements in the provision for doubtful 
 
debts are as follows:
 
At 1 January 
15,257 
1,131 
46 
- 
- 
-
 
Charge to profit and loss account 
741 
14,126 
1,085 
- 
- 
-
 
At 31 December 
15,998 
15,257 
1,131 
- 
- 
-
 
Advances to and from associated companies are unsecured and are repayable on demand. Interest is charged at rates ranging from 
0.45% to 11.50% (31 December 2017: 0.25% to 8.00%, 1 January 2017: 0.13% to 8.90%) per annum on interest-bearing advances.
--------------------------------------------------Page 162--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   167
16. 
Debtors
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Trade debtors 
1,831,028 
2,214,444 
2,569,022 
2 
7 
-
 
Provision for doubtful debts 
(246,879) 
(122,027) 
(15,723) 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
1,584,149 
2,092,417 
2,553,299 
2 
7 
-
 
Long term receivables due within 
 
one year (Note 11) 
42,980 
42,194 
2,399 
55 
141 
146
 
Sundry debtors 
203,069 
155,568 
182,536 
478 
3,902 
2,173
 
Prepayments 
137,518 
118,565 
88,321 
104 
112 
168
 
Tax recoverable 
7,109 
15,171 
22,693 
- 
- 
-
 
Goods & Services Tax receivable 
90,057 
59,040 
52,648 
83 
- 
-
 
Interest receivable 
15,830 
19,410 
12,314 
21 
20 
32
 
Deposits paid 
28,971 
25,235 
25,104 
279 
408 
446
 
Land tender deposits 
145,411 
103,346 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Recoverable accounts 
155,747 
125,740 
150,507 
5,207 
- 
-
 
Accrued receivables 
197,059 
169,873 
141,926 
- 
- 
-
 
Purchase consideration receivable 
 
from disposal of subsidiaries/ 
 
associated companies 
37,097 
61,228 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Advances to subcontractors 
47,736 
73,455 
86,132 
- 
- 
-
 
Advances to non-controlling shareholders 
 
of subsidiaries 
26,705 
41,081 
69,789 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
1,135,289 
1,009,906 
834,369 
6,227 
4,583 
2,965
 
Provision for doubtful debts 
(17,138) 
(13,906) 
(13,827) 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
1,118,151 
996,000 
820,542 
6,227 
4,583 
2,965
 
Total  
2,702,300 
3,088,417 
3,373,841 
6,229 
4,590 
2,965
 
Movements in the provision for doubtful 
 
debts are as follows:
 
At 1 January 
135,933 
29,550 
41,447 
- 
- 
-
 
Adoption of SFRS(I) 9 
25,734 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Charge to profit and loss account 
95,457 
115,780 
11,435 
- 
- 
-
 
Amount written off 
(5,959) 
(7,361) 
(23,504) 
- 
- 
-
 
Subsidiary disposed 
- 
(1,926) 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Exchange differences 
8 
(110) 
172 
- 
- 
-
 
Reclassification 
12,844 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Total  
264,017 
135,933 
29,550 
- 
- 
-
 
During the financial year ended 31 December 2018, a provision of $102,000,000 (2017: $81,000,000) was recognised for the rig contracts 
with Sete Brasil.
--------------------------------------------------Page 163--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
168   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
17. 
Short term investments
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Available-for-sale investments:
 
 
Quoted equity shares 
- 
55,048 
77,264 
- 
- 
-
 
 
Unquoted equity funds 
- 
- 
49,610 
- 
- 
-
 
Total available-for-sale investments 
- 
55,048 
126,874 
- 
- 
-
 
Total investments at fair value through 
 
other comprehensive income:
 
 
Quoted equity shares 
34,428 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Investments at fair value through 
 
profit or loss:
 
 
Quoted equity shares 
74,759 
147,654 
147,054 
- 
- 
-
 
 
Unquoted equity shares 
- 
74 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Total investments at fair value through 
 
profit or loss 
74,759 
147,728 
147,054 
- 
- 
-
 
Total investments at amortised cost:
 
 
Unquoted - others 
27,400 
- 
- 
27,400 
- 
-
 
Total short term investments 
136,587 
202,776 
273,928 
27,400 
- 
-
 
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income are in the oil and gas industry.
 
The unquoted investment at amortised cost is repayable upon the repayment of a short term borrowing of an associated company.
18. 
Bank balances, deposits and cash
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Bank balances and cash 
779,003 
590,248 
437,654 
370 
2,213 
542
 
Fixed deposits with banks 
1,042,052 
1,515,887 
1,436,485 
- 
- 
-
 
Amounts held under escrow accounts for 
 
overseas acquisition of land, payment 
 
of construction cost and liabilities 
9,562 
32,340 
68,306 
- 
- 
-
 
Amounts held under project accounts, 
 
withdrawals from which are restricted 
 
to payments for expenditures incurred 
 
on projects 
150,789 
135,313 
144,633 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
1,981,406 
2,273,788 
2,087,078 
370 
2,213 
542
 
Fixed deposits with banks of the Group mature on varying periods, substantially between 1 day to 6 months (31 December 2017:               
1 day to 12 months, 1 January 2017: 1 day to 3 months). This comprises Singapore dollar fixed deposits of $34,824,000 (31 December 
2017: $121,525,000, 1 January 2017: $10,051,000) at interest rates ranging from 0.60% to 1.59% (31 December 2017: 0.35% to 1.24%,                 
1 January 2017: 0.15% to 0.85%) per annum, and foreign currency fixed deposits of $1,007,228,000 (31 December 2017: $1,394,362,000, 
1 January 2017: $1,426,434,000) at interest rates ranging from 0.02% to 7.55% (31 December 2017: 0.01% to 13.15%, 1 January 2017: 
0.03% to 14.21%) per annum.
 
The bank balances at 31 December 2018 include an amount of $99,450,000 (31 December 2017: $102,000,000, 1 January 2017: $nil) 
pledged to a bank in relation to certain banking arrangement.
--------------------------------------------------Page 164--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   169
19. 
Creditors
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Trade creditors 
486,278 
579,371 
589,834 
3,139 
161 
-
 
Customers’ advances and deposits 
87,102 
89,656 
64,788 
- 
- 
-
 
Sundry creditors 
896,743 
1,380,955 
1,431,539 
3,007 
4,070 
3,591
 
Accrued expenses 
2,584,096 
3,274,077 
2,955,039 
47,020 
39,074 
86,458
 
Advances from non-controlling 
 
shareholders 
145,998 
177,151 
209,726 
- 
- 
-
 
Retention monies 
148,895 
176,850 
194,673 
- 
- 
-
 
Interest payables 
41,911 
42,105 
37,719 
23,006 
25,280 
22,422
 
 
 
 
4,391,023 
5,720,165 
5,483,318 
76,172 
68,585 
112,471
 
Other non-current liabilities:
 
 
Accrued expenses 
191,990 
204,121 
112,885 
48,372 
49,275 
54,409
 
 
Derivative liabilities 
169,727 
82,494 
68,214 
43,303 
60,521 
66,632
 
 
 
 
361,717 
286,615 
181,099 
91,675 
109,796 
121,041
 
The carrying amount of the non-current liabilities approximates their fair value.
 
Advances from non-controlling shareholders of certain subsidiaries are unsecured and are repayable on demand. Interest is charged at 
rates ranging from 2.00% to 4.75% (31 December 2017: 2.00% to 4.35%, 1 January 2017: 2.03% to 4.31%) per annum on interest-bearing 
advances.
 
During the financial year ended 31 December 2018, there was a write-back of provision for claims of $96,380,000. This was in relation 
to customer potential claims arising from a rig contract in the Offshore & Marine Division. In view of commercial sensitivity, the Group 
is unable to disclose the name of the customer or the amount of the potential claims. The original contract value was adjusted for cost 
escalations. The validity of the contract value adjustments was subsequently challenged. Due to prolonged uncertainty, provisions were 
made by the Group for the potential claims in the past, the first such provision being made more than ten years ago. For the current 
financial year, the Group has assessed, including seeking legal opinion, its position in respect of these potential claims and concluded that 
there are reasonable grounds for the write-back.
 
During the financial year ended 31 December 2018, a provision for related contract costs of $65,000,000 was recognised for the rig 
contracts with Sete Brasil, bringing the total provision to $245,000,000 as at 31 December 2018. These were included in sundry creditors 
as at 31 December 2018, 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017.
 
In the prior year, a wholly-owned subsidiary, Keppel Land China Limited (“KLCL”), entered into a Sale & Purchase Agreement to divest its 
interest in a wholly-owned subsidiary, Keppel China Marina Holdings Pte Ltd (“KCMH”), which indirectly owns a 80% interest in Sunsea 
Yacht Club (Zhongshan) Company Limited (“SYCZS”) (“Divestment”). KLCL has received an advance payment of $174,538,000 and 
the amount was included in sundry creditors as at 31 December 2017. Both KLCL and KCMH had, on 20 November 2017, been served 
as co-defendants a writ of summons filed by Sunsea Yacht Club (Hong Kong) Company Limited (“SYCHK”), which indirectly owns the 
remaining 20% interest in SYCZS, in the High Court of Singapore (“the Suit”). The reliefs claimed by SYCHK in the Suit are essentially to, 
amongst others, restrain both KLCL and KCMH from completing the Divestment. The Interim Injunction application was dismissed by 
the High Court on 15 December 2017. However, when SYCHK informed the High Court of its intention to apply to the Court of Appeal 
for permission to appeal the Dismissal of Application (“Application to CA”), the High Court on 22 December 2017 imposed an order 
restraining KLCL from completing the Divestment until the Application to CA is disposed of by the Court of Appeal. The Court of Appeal 
dismissed the Application to CA on 26 February 2018 and the divestment was subsequently completed during the year.
 
In the prior year, a wholly owned subsidiary, Keppel Offshore & Marine Limited (“KOM”), reached a global resolution with the criminal 
authorities in the United States, Brazil and Singapore in relation to corrupt payments made by KOM’s former agent in Brazil, which 
were made with knowledge or approval of former KOM executives. Fines in an aggregated amount of US$422,216,980, or equivalent to 
approximately S$570 million, paid/payable are allocated between the three jurisdictions. 
 
As part of the global resolution, KOM has accepted a Conditional Warning from the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) in 
Singapore, and entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (“DPA”) with the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”), while Keppel FELS 
Brasil S.A., a wholly-owned subsidiary of KOM, has entered into a Leniency Agreement with the Public Prosecutor’s Office in Brazil, 
the Ministério Público Federal (“MPF”). The Leniency Agreement has become effective following the approval of the Fifth Chamber 
for Coordination and Review of the MPF. In addition, Keppel Offshore & Marine USA, Inc. (“KOM USA”), also a wholly owned subsidiary 
of KOM, has pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to violate the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and has entered into a Plea 
Agreement with the DOJ. 
--------------------------------------------------Page 165--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
170   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
19. 
Creditors (continued)
 
Pursuant to the DPA, KOM has paid a monetary penalty of US$105,554,245, of which US$4,725,000 has been paid as a criminal fine by 
KOM USA, to the United States Treasury. In addition, KOM has paid US$211,108,490 to the MPF. Under the Conditional Warning issued by 
CPIB, KOM has committed to certain undertakings and has paid US$52,777,122.50 and a further US$52,777,122.50 will be payable within 
three years from the date of the Conditional Warning (less any penalties paid by KOM to specified Brazilian authorities during this period). 
The amount payable was included in accrued expenses as at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017. 
 
As part of the global resolution with the authorities, the Group has committed to strengthening the compliance and governance regime in 
KOM. Amongst others, it included a commitment to secure certification of ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery Management System and testing of the 
effectiveness of the policies and procedures put in place. In November 2018, Keppel O&M’s entities in Singapore achieved certification for 
the ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery Management System.
 
Anti-bribery and corruption compliance audits were also performed during the year on entities within the KOM Group. These audits 
revealed that the enhanced policies and procedures put in place to-date were, in general, functioning as intended in the current year. 
The audits did, however, identify certain matters relating to contracts entered into several years ago which require follow-up actions and 
further review. Notwithstanding, based on currently available information, management is of the opinion that no additional provisions 
would be required in relation to these matters.
20.     Provisions for warranties
 
 
$’000
 
Group 
 
2018
 
At 1 January 
115,972
 
Write-back to profit and loss account 
(1,550)
 
Amount utilised 
(43,640)
 
Exchange differences 
(1,168)
 
At 31 December 
69,614
 
2017
 
At 1 January 
81,679
 
Charge to profit and loss account 
39,280
 
Amount utilised 
(4,205)
 
Subsidiary disposed 
(397)
 
Exchange differences 
(385)
 
At 31 December 
115,972
21. 
Term loans
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
 
Due within 
Due after 
Due within 
Due after 
Due within 
Due after
 
 
 
 
 
one year 
one year 
one year 
one year 
one year 
one year
 
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Group
 
Keppel Corporation Medium 
 
Term Notes 
(a) 
- 
1,700,000 
- 
1,700,000 
- 
1,700,000
 
Keppel Land Medium Term Notes 
(b) 
342,316 
729,196 
- 
916,027 
99,964 
786,873
 
Keppel Telecommunications & 
 
Transportation Medium Term 
 
Notes 
(c) 
- 
100,000 
- 
100,000 
- 
120,000
 
Keppel GMTN Floating Rate Notes 
(d) 
- 
274,000 
- 
269,800 
- 
286,600
 
Bank and other loans
 
 
- secured 
(e) 
412,412 
185,874 
150,591 
580,825 
391,046 
744,449
 
 
- unsecured 
(f) 
726,029 
3,078,682 
1,563,493 
2,512,267 
1,344,311 
3,579,799
 
 
 
 
 
1,480,757 
6,067,752 
1,714,084 
6,078,919 
1,835,321 
7,217,721
 
Company
 
Keppel Corporation Medium 
 
Term Notes 
(a) 
- 
1,700,000 
- 
1,700,000 
- 
1,700,000
 
Unsecured bank loans 
(f) 
460,657 
1,795,610 
551,530 
1,239,800 
692,311 
1,625,600
 
 
 
 
 
460,657 
3,495,610 
551,530 
2,939,800 
692,311 
3,325,600
--------------------------------------------------Page 166--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   171
(a) 
At the end of the financial year, notes issued under the US$3,000,000,000 Multi-Currency Medium Term Note Programme by the 
Company amounted to $1,700,000,000 (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: $1,700,000,000). The notes denominated in 
Singapore Dollars, are unsecured and comprised fixed rate notes due from 2020 to 2042 (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: 
from 2020 to 2042) with interest rates ranging from 3.10% to 4.00% (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: 3.10% to 4.00%)     
per annum.
(b) 
At the end of the financial year, notes issued under the US$3,000,000,000 Multi-Currency Medium Term Note Programme by 
Keppel Land Limited and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Keppel Land Financial Services Pte. Ltd. amounted to $642,060,000            
(31 December 2017: $486,696,000, 1 January 2017: $357,691,000), of which $299,744,000 (31 December 2017: $149,818,000,        
1 January 2017: $nil) are denominated in Singapore dollar and $342,316,000 (31 December 2017: $336,878,000, 1 January 
2017: $357,691,000) are denominated in foreign currency. The fixed rate notes are unsecured and are due from 2019 to 2023                 
(31 December 2017: 2019 to 2023, 1 January 2017: 2020 to 2042), with interest rates ranging from 2.68% to 2.84% (31 December 
2017: 2.84%) per annum for fixed rate notes denominated in Singapore dollar and with interest rates of 3.26% (31 December 2017 
and 1 January 2017: 3.26%) per annum for fixed rate notes denominated in foreign currency. 
 
At the end of the financial year, notes issued under the US$800,000,000 Multi-Currency Medium Term Note Programme by 
Keppel Land Limited amounted to $429,452,000 (31 December 2017: $429,331,000, 1 January 2017: $529,146,000). The notes 
denominated in Singapore Dollars, are unsecured and comprised fixed rate notes due from 2020 to 2024 (31 December 2017: 2020 
to 2024, 1 January 2017: 2017 to 2024) with interest rates ranging from 2.83% to 3.90% (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: 
2.83% to 3.90%) per annum.
(c) 
At the end of the financial year, notes issued under the S$500,000,000 Multi-Currency Medium Term Note Programme by Keppel 
Telecommunications & Transportation Ltd, amounted to $100,000,000 (31 December 2017: $100,000,000, 1 January 2017: 
$120,000,000). The fixed rates notes, due in 2024, are unsecured and carried an interest rate of 2.85% per annum from September 
2017 to September 2022 and 3.85% per annum from September 2022 to September 2024 (31 December 2017: 2.85% per annum 
from September 2017 to September 2022 and 3.85% per annum from September 2022 to September 2024, 1 January 2017: 2.63% 
per annum from August 2012 to August 2017 and 3.83% per annum from August 2017 to August 2019).
(d) 
At the end of the financial year, US$200,000,000 notes issued under the US$2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme by 
Keppel GMTN Pte Ltd amounted to $274,000,000 (31 December 2017: $269,800,000, 1 January 2017: $286,600,000). The floating 
rate notes due in 2020 are unsecured and bear interest rate payable quarterly at 3-month US Dollar London Interbank Offered Rate 
plus 0.89% per annum and ranging from 2.24% to 3.30% (31 December 2017: 1.75% to 2.24%, 1 January 2017: 1.21% to 1.75%) per 
annum. 
(e) 
The secured bank loans consist of:
- 
A term loan of $297,923,000 drawn down by a subsidiary. The term loan is repayable in 2019 and is secured on certain 
assets of the subsidiary. Interest is based on money market rates of 2.89% per annum.
- 
A term loan of $3,000,000 drawn down by a subsidiary. The term loan is repayable in 2023 and is secured on certain assets 
of the subsidiary. Interest is based on money market rates of 2.74% per annum.
- 
Other secured bank loans comprised $297,363,000 (31 December 2017: $474,918,000, 1 January 2017: $504,943,000) 
of foreign currency loans. They are repayable between one to fifteen (31 December 2017: one to sixteen, 1 January 2017: 
one to seventeen) years and are secured on investment properties and certain fixed and other assets of the subsidiaries.  
Interest on foreign currency loans is based on money market rates ranging from 1.59% to 9.59% (31 December 2017: 1.49% 
to 7.23%, 1 January 2017: 1.60% to 10.89%) per annum.
 
The secured bank loans as of 31 December 2017 consist of a term loan of $256,498,000 (1 January 2017: $351,557,000) which 
was drawn down by a subsidiary. The term loan was repaid in 2018 and was previously secured on certain assets of the subsidiary. 
Interest was based on money market rates ranging from 1.35% to 1.94% (1 January 2017: 0.93% to 2.30%) per annum. 
 
The secured bank loans as of 1 January 2017 also include:
- 
A term loan of $175,874,000 which was drawn down by a subsidiary. The term loan was repaid in 2017 and was previously 
secured on certain assets of the subsidiary. Interest was based on money market rates ranging from 1.28% to 2.68%          
per annum. 
- 
A term loan of $53,121,000 which was drawn down by a subsidiary. The term loan was repaid in 2017 and was previously 
secured on certain assets of the subsidiary. Interest was based on money market rates ranging from 1.21% to 2.94%          
per annum.
- 
A term loan of $50,000,000 which was drawn down by a subsidiary. The term loan was repaid in 2017 and was previously 
secured on certain assets of the subsidiary. Interest was fixed at 2.62% per annum.
--------------------------------------------------Page 167--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
172   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
21. 
Term loans (continued)
(f) 
The unsecured bank and other loans of the Group totalling $3,804,711,000 (31 December 2017: $4,075,760,000, 1 January 2017: 
$4,924,110,000) comprised $2,604,736,000 (31 December 2017: $2,823,820,000, 1 January 2017: $3,136,786,000) of loans 
denominated in Singapore dollar and $1,199,975,000 (31 December 2017: $1,251,940,000, 1 January 2017: $1,787,324,000) of 
foreign currency loans. They are repayable between one to thirteen (31 December 2017: one to fourteen, 1 January 2017: one to 
fifteen) years. Interest on loans denominated in Singapore dollar is based on money market rates ranging from 2.13% to 3.08% 
(31 December 2017: 1.18% to 3.38%, 1 January 2017: 0.84% to 3.38%) per annum. Interest on foreign currency loans is based 
on money market rates ranging from 0.50% to 9.30% (31 December 2017: 0.48% to 10.69%, 1 January 2017: 0.25% to 13.76%)          
per annum.
 
 
The unsecured bank loans of the Company totalling $2,256,267,000 (31 December 2017: $1,791,330,000, 1 January 2017: 
$2,317,911,000) comprise $1,707,050,000 (31 December 2017: $1,550,000,000, 1 January 2017: $1,707,350,000) of loans 
denominated in Singapore dollar and $549,217,000 (31 December 2017: $241,330,000, 1 January 2017: $610,561,000) of foreign 
currency loans. They are repayable within one to six years (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: one to seven years). Interest on 
loans denominated in Singapore dollar is based on money market rates ranging from 2.13% to 3.08% (31 December 2017: 1.46% 
to 3.38%, 1 January 2017: 0.84% to 3.38%) per annum. Interest on foreign currency loans is based on money market rates ranging 
from 0.50% to 3.96% (31 December 2017: 0.50% to 2.10%, 1 January 2017: 0.41% to 2.30%) per annum.
 
 
The Group has mortgaged certain properties and assets of up to an aggregate amount of $1,065,652,000 (31 December 2017: 
$1,894,728,000, 1 January 2017: $2,810,528,000) to banks for loan facilities.
 
The fair values of term loans for the Group and Company are $7,672,894,000 (31 December 2017: $7,864,285,000, 1 January 2017: 
$9,055,975,000) and $3,935,905,000 (31 December 2017: $3,556,370,000, 1 January 2017: $4,024,498,000) respectively. These fair 
values, under Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, are computed on the discounted cash flow method using a discount rate based upon the 
borrowing rate which the Group expect would be available as at the balance sheet date.
 
Loans due after one year are estimated to be repayable as follows:
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Years after year-end:
 
After one but within two years 
1,153,733 
1,403,471 
1,839,458 
705,500 
- 
400,000
 
After two but within five years 
3,686,101 
3,174,902 
3,027,749 
2,069,580 
1,900,000 
1,000,000
 
After five years 
1,227,918 
1,500,546 
2,350,514 
720,530 
1,039,800 
1,925,600
 
 
 
 
6,067,752 
6,078,919 
7,217,721 
3,495,610 
2,939,800 
3,325,600
22. 
Deferred taxation
 
Group
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Deferred tax liabilities:
 
 
Accelerated tax depreciation 
116,707 
108,936 
115,424
 
 
Investment properties valuation 
49,843 
184,429 
152,751
 
 
Offshore income & others 
80,163 
90,502 
96,334
 
 
 
246,713 
383,867 
364,509
 
Deferred tax assets:
 
 
Other provisions 
(34,740) 
(32,778) 
(29,711)
 
 
Unutilised tax benefits 
(15,347) 
(16,415) 
(3,623)
 
 
 
(50,087) 
(49,193) 
(33,334)
 
Net deferred tax liabilities 
196,626 
334,674 
331,175
 
Net deferred tax liabilities are determined by offsetting deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities of the same entities. Deferred 
tax assets are recognised for unutilised tax benefits carried forward to the extent that realisation of the related tax benefits through future 
taxable profits is probable.
 
The Group has unrecognised deferred tax liabilities of $84,027,000 (31 December 2017: $105,725,000, 1 January 2017: $86,905,000) for 
taxes that would be payable on the undistributed earnings of certain subsidiaries and associated companies as these earnings would not 
be distributed in the foreseeable future and the Group is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences.
--------------------------------------------------Page 168--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   173
 
The Group has unutilised tax losses and capital allowances of $682,317,000 (31 December 2017: $886,858,000, 1 January 2017: 
$950,132,000) for which no deferred tax benefit is recognised in the balance sheet. These tax losses and capital allowances can be 
carried forward and used to offset against future taxable income subject to meeting certain statutory requirements by those companies 
with unrecognised tax losses and capital allowances in their respective countries of incorporation. Tax losses amounting to $145,177,000 
(31 December 2017: $227,747,000, 1 Jan 2017: $322,206,000) can be carried forward for a period of one to eight years subsequent to the 
year of the loss, while the remaining tax losses have no expiry date.
 
Movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets are as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
Charged/
 
 
 
 
 
(credited) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
to other 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Charged/ 
comprehen- 
 
 
 
 
 
At 
(credited) to 
sive  
Subsidiaries 
Subsidiaries 
Reclassifi- 
Exchange 
At
 
 
 
1 January 
profit or loss 
income 
disposed 
acquired 
cation 
differences 31 December
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Group
 
2018
 
Deferred Tax Liabilities
 
Accelerated tax depreciation 
108,936 
4,262 
- 
- 
3,670 
- 
(161) 
116,707
 
Investment properties valuation 
184,429 
6,263 
- 
(139,774) 
- 
- 
(1,075) 
49,843
 
Offshore income & others 
90,502 
(9,437) 
(243) 
- 
- 
- 
(659) 
80,163
 
Total 
383,867 
1,088 
(243) 
(139,774) 
3,670 
- 
(1,895) 
246,713
 
Deferred Tax Assets
 
Other provisions 
(32,778) 
(3,045) 
1,046 
- 
- 
- 
37 
(34,740)
 
Unutilised tax benefits 
(16,415) 
1,245 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(177) 
(15,347)
 
Total 
(49,193) 
(1,800) 
1,046 
- 
- 
- 
(140) 
(50,087)
 
Net Deferred Tax Liabilities 
334,674 
(712) 
803 
(139,774) 
3,670 
- 
(2,035) 
196,626
 
2017
 
Deferred Tax Liabilities
 
Accelerated tax depreciation 
115,424 
(2,320) 
- 
(2,753) 
- 
(1,195) 
(220) 
108,936
 
Investment properties valuation 
152,751 
32,196 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(518) 
184,429
 
Offshore income & others 
96,334 
(5,028) 
898 
(1,441) 
- 
- 
(261) 
90,502
 
Total 
364,509 
24,848 
898 
(4,194) 
- 
(1,195) 
(999) 
383,867
 
Deferred Tax Assets
 
Other provisions 
(29,711) 
(3,392) 
229 
(53) 
- 
(49) 
198 
(32,778)
 
Unutilised tax benefits 
(3,623) 
(7,402) 
- 
(6,052) 
- 
(131) 
793 
(16,415)
 
Total 
(33,334) 
(10,794) 
229 
(6,105) 
- 
(180) 
991 
(49,193)
 
Net Deferred Tax Liabilities 
331,175 
14,054 
1,127 
(10,299) 
- 
(1,375) 
(8) 
334,674
 
23. 
Revenue
 
 
 
Group
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Revenue from contracts with customers
 
Revenue from construction contracts 
1,875,857 
1,771,007
 
Sale of property 
1,215,915 
1,633,059
 
Sale of goods 
44,297 
49,835
 
Sale of electricity, utilities and gases 
2,090,651 
1,662,772
 
Revenue from other services rendered 
683,843 
754,521
 
 
 
 
5,910,563 
5,871,194
 
Other sources of revenue
 
Rental income from investment properties 
49,176 
54,592
 
Gain on sale of investments 
2,232 
34,953
 
Dividend income from quoted shares 
2,703 
2,760
 
Others 
107 
274
 
 
 
 
5,964,781 
5,963,773
 
Sales are made with credit terms that are consistent with market practice. During the financial year, there was a sale of five rigs to a 
customer where amounts are paid in instalments within five years from the respective delivery dates of each individual rig.
--------------------------------------------------Page 169--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
174   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
24. 
Staff costs
 
 
 
Group
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Wages and salaries 
780,104 
821,201
 
Employer’s contribution to Central Provident Fund 
68,357 
75,609
 
Share options and share plans granted to Director and employees 
34,885 
32,583
 
Other staff benefits 
104,484 
97,626
 
 
 
 
987,830 
1,027,019
25. 
Operating profit
 
Operating profit is arrived at after charging/(crediting) the following:
 
 
 
Group
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Included in materials and subcontract costs:
 
Fair value loss/(gain) on
 
 
- investments 
942 
(9,094)
 
 
- forward foreign exchange contracts 
18,095 
3,305
 
Cost of stocks & contract assets recognised as expense 
771,465 
1,165,049
 
Direct operating expenses
 
 
- investment properties that generated rental income 
24,951 
27,528
 
Included in staff costs:
 
Key management’s emoluments 
(including executive directors’ remuneration) 
 
 
 
- short-term employee benefits 
9,015 
10,783
 
 
- post-employment benefits 
95 
124
 
 
- share options and share plans granted 
7,771 
7,740
 
Included in impairment loss on financial assets:
 
Provision for doubtful debts (Note 16) 
95,457 
115,780
 
Impairment of investments (Note 10) 
- 
14,330
 
Included in other operating income - net:
 
Rental expense
 
 
- operating leases 
84,854 
94,090
 
Impairment/write-off of fixed assets  
6,911 
15,530
 
Impairment/(write-back of impairment) of associated companies (Note 9) 
60,782 
(39,192)
 
Provision for stocks 
6,271 
3,377
 
Provision for related contract costs (Note 19) 
65,000 
-
 
Provision for contract assets (Note 14) 
21,000 
-
 
Write-back of provision for claims (Note 19) 
(96,380) 
-
 
Fair value gain on investment properties (Note 7) 
(84,886) 
(177,939)
 
Fair value (gain)/loss on
 
 
- investments 
(13,823) 
(18,861)
 
 
- forward foreign exchange contracts 
(6,966) 
35,181
 
Loss/(gain) on differences in foreign exchange 
42,070 
(5,389)
 
Profit on sale of fixed assets and an investment property 
(2,795) 
(20,142)
 
Profit on sale of investments 
- 
(341)
 
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries  
(604,638) 
(146,542)
 
Gain on disposal of associated companies 
(48,783) 
(62,673)
 
(Gain)/loss from change in interest in associated companies 
(63,622) 
13,075
 
Fees and other remuneration to Directors of the Company 
2,373 
2,341
 
Contracts for services rendered by Directors or with a company 
 
in which a Director has a substantial financial interest 
3,510 
3,926
 
Auditors’ remuneration
 
 
- auditors of the Company 
3,121 
2,770
 
 
- other auditors of subsidiaries 
2,001 
2,218
 
Non-audit fees paid to
 
 
- auditors of the Company 
486 
135
 
 
- other auditors of subsidiaries 
154 
129
--------------------------------------------------Page 170--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   175
26. 
Investment income, interest income and interest expenses
 
 
 
Group
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Investment income from:
 
 
Shares - quoted outside Singapore 
34 
129
 
 
Shares - unquoted 
9,957 
19,742
 
 
 
 
9,991 
19,871
 
Interest income from:
 
 
Bonds, debentures and deposits 
100,376 
84,051
 
 
Associated companies 
56,760 
52,622
 
 
Service concession arrangement 
7,124 
1,255
 
 
 
 
164,260 
137,928
 
Interest expenses on notes, loans and overdrafts 
(199,464) 
(189,223)
 
Fair value gain/(loss) on interest rate caps and swaps 
1,021 
(4)
 
 
 
 
(198,443) 
(189,227)
27. 
Taxation
(a) 
Income tax expense
 
 
 
Group
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Tax expense comprised: 
 
 
Current tax 
245,091 
184,624
 
 
Adjustment for prior year’s tax 
(32,200) 
(6,365)
 
 
Others 
10,958 
10,085
 
Deferred tax movement:
 
 
Movements in temporary differences (Note 22) 
(712) 
14,054
 
Land appreciation tax:
 
 
Current year  
60,610 
41,651
 
 
 
 
283,747 
244,049
 
The income tax expense on the results of the Group differ from the amount of income tax expense determined by applying the 
Singapore standard rate of income tax to profit before tax due to the following:
 
 
 
Group
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Profit before tax 
1,239,892 
441,429
 
Share of profit of associated companies, net of tax 
(221,518) 
(290,533)
 
Profit before tax and share of profit of associated companies 
1,018,374 
150,896
 
Tax calculated at tax rate of 17% (2017: 17%) 
173,124 
25,652
 
Income not subject to tax 
(170,942) 
(151,650)
 
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 
232,299 
313,952
 
Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax benefits 
(17,314) 
(12,637)
 
Effect of different tax rates in other countries 
39,861 
43,859
 
Adjustment for prior year’s tax 
(32,200) 
(6,365)
 
Effects of changes in tax rates 
13,461 
-
 
Land appreciation tax 
60,610 
41,651
 
Effect of tax reduction on land appreciation tax 
(15,152) 
(10,413)
 
 
 
 
283,747 
244,049
--------------------------------------------------Page 171--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
176   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
27. 
Taxation (continued)
(b) 
Movement in current income tax liabilities
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
At 1 January 
220,761 
364,845 
33,955 
17,263
 
Exchange differences 
(4,291) 
(4,217) 
- 
-
 
Tax expense 
245,091 
184,624 
10,200 
12,400
 
Adjustment for prior year’s tax 
(32,200) 
(6,365) 
(636) 
4,400
 
Land appreciation tax 
60,610 
41,651 
- 
-
 
Net income taxes paid 
(195,904) 
(363,377) 
- 
(108)
 
Subsidiaries acquired 
157 
- 
- 
-
 
Subsidiaries disposed 
(89) 
(2,981) 
- 
-
 
Reclassification
 
 
 - tax recoverable and others 
3,787 
6,581 
- 
-
 
At 31 December 
297,922 
220,761 
43,519 
33,955
28. 
Earnings per ordinary share
 
 
Group
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
 
 
Basic 
Diluted 
Basic 
Diluted
 
Net profit attributable to shareholders 
943,829 
943,829 
196,025 
196,025
 
 
 
Number of Shares 
Number of Shares
 
 
 
’000 
’000
 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares 
 
(excluding treasury shares) 
1,814,159 
1,814,159 
1,816,965 
1,816,965
 
Adjustment for dilutive potential ordinary shares 
- 
10,728 
- 
12,737
 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used 
 
to compute earnings per share (excluding treasury shares) 
1,814,159 
1,824,887 
1,816,965 
1,829,702
 
Earnings per ordinary share 
52.0 cts 
51.7 cts 
10.8 cts 
10.7 cts
29. 
Dividends
 
A final cash dividend of 15.0 cents per share tax exempt one-tier (2017: final cash dividend of 14.0 cents per share tax exempt one-tier) 
in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2018 has been proposed for approval by shareholders at the next Annual General 
Meeting to be convened.  
 
Together with the interim cash dividend of 10.0 cents per share tax exempt one-tier and the special cash dividend of 5.0 cents per share 
tax exempt one-tier (2017: interim cash dividend of 8.0 cents per share tax exempt one-tier), total distributions paid and proposed in 
respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2018 will be 30.0 cents per share (2017: 22.0 cents per share).
 
During the financial year, the following distributions were made:
 
 
 
$’000
 
A final cash dividend of 14.0 cents per share tax exempt one-tier on the issued 
 
and fully paid ordinary shares in respect of the previous financial year 
254,290
 
An interim cash dividend of 10.0 cents per share tax exempt one-tier on the issued 
 
and fully paid ordinary shares in respect of the current financial year 
181,241
 
A special cash dividend of 5.0 cents per share tax exempt one-tier on the issued 
 
and fully paid ordinary shares in respect of the current financial year 
90,621
 
 
 
526,152
 
In the prior year, total distributions of $363,531,000 were made.
 
--------------------------------------------------Page 172--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   177
30. 
Commitments
(a) 
Capital commitments
 
Group
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Capital expenditure/commitments not provided for in the financial statements:
 
In respect of contracts placed:
 
 
- for purchase and construction of investment properties 
372,292 
175,759 
261,950
 
 
- for purchase of other fixed assets 
13,034 
17,341 
46,730
 
 
- for purchase/subscription of shares mainly in 
 
 
 
property development companies 
406,662 
174,311 
376,308
 
 
- for commitments to private funds 
388,093 
450,247 
169,953
 
Amounts approved by Directors in addition to contracts placed:
 
 
- for purchase and construction of investment properties 
19,665 
105,115 
108,422
 
 
- for purchase of other fixed assets 
158,677 
224,903 
313,196
 
 
- for purchase/subscription of shares mainly in 
 
 
 
property development companies 
77,260 
36,509 
-
 
 
 
 
 
1,435,683 
1,184,185 
1,276,559
 
Less: Non-controlling shareholders’ shares 
(65,018) 
(69,698) 
(34,584)
 
 
 
 
 
1,370,665 
1,114,487 
1,241,975
 
In addition to the above, the Group made a voluntary conditional general offer (“Offer”) for all the issued and paid up ordinary shares 
in the capital of M1 Limited and proposed to acquire all the issued ordinary shares in the capital of Keppel T&T by way of a scheme 
of arrangement (“Scheme”) in 2018. The assumed maximum consideration for the Offer and the Scheme was $1,506,865,000.
 
There was no significant future capital expenditure/commitment for the Company.
(b) 
Lessee’s lease commitments
 
The Group leases land and office buildings from non-related parties under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. The 
leases have varying terms, escalation clauses and renewal rights. The future minimum lease payable in respect of significant                 
non-cancellable operating leases as at the end of the financial year is as follows:
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Years after year-end:
 
 
Within one year 
81,555 
89,315 
94,214 
199 
40 
121
 
 
From two to five years 
255,324 
300,506 
326,154 
179 
- 
40
 
 
After five years 
572,156 
684,204 
806,359 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
909,035 
1,074,025 
1,226,727 
378 
40 
161
(c) 
Lessor’s lease commitments
 
The Group leases out commercial space to non-related parties under non-cancellable operating leases. The future minimum lease 
receivable in respect of significant non-cancellable operating leases as at the end of the financial year is as follows:
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Years after year-end:
 
 
Within one year 
98,856 
88,087 
104,100 
- 
- 
-
 
 
From two to five years 
159,497 
166,553 
212,861 
- 
- 
-
 
 
After five years 
60,457 
61,638 
81,721 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
318,810 
316,278 
398,682 
- 
- 
-
 
Some of the operating leases are subject to revision of lease rentals at periodic intervals.  For the purposes of the above, the 
prevailing lease rentals are used.
--------------------------------------------------Page 173--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
178   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
31. 
Contingent liabilities and guarantees (unsecured)
 
Group 
Company
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Guarantees in respect of banks and other loans 
 
granted to subsidiaries and associated companies 
676,470 
585,207 
1,376,427 
1,574,853
 
Bank guarantees 
23,996 
1,677 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
700,466 
586,884 
1,376,427 
1,574,853
 
See Note 2.27 for further disclosures relating to the Group’s claims and litigations.
 
The financial effects of SFRS(I) 9 relating to financial guarantee contracts issued by the Company are not material to the financial 
statements of the Company and therefore are not recognised.
32. 
Significant related party transactions
 
In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the Group has significant related party 
transactions as follows:
 
 
 
Group
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Sales of goods and/or services to
 
 
- associated companies 
183,486 
168,705
 
 
- other related parties 
63,544 
82,884
 
 
 
 
247,030 
251,589
 
Purchase of goods and/or services from
 
 
- associated companies 
105,056 
83,761
 
 
- other related parties 
61,321 
28,842
 
 
 
 
166,377 
112,603
 
Treasury transactions with
 
 
- associated companies 
21,412 
9,093
33. 
Financial risk management
 
The Group operates internationally and is exposed to a variety of financial risks, comprising market risk (including currency risk, interest 
rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. Financial risk management is carried out by the Keppel Group Treasury Department 
in accordance with established policies and guidelines. These policies and guidelines are established by the Group Central Finance 
Committee and are updated to take into account changes in the operating environment. This committee is chaired by the Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company and includes Chief Financial Officers of the Group’s key operating companies and Head Office specialists.
 
Market Risk
(i) 
Currency risk
 
The Group has receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies via US dollars, Renminbi and other currencies. The 
Group’s foreign currency exposures arise mainly from the exchange rate movement of these foreign currencies against the 
functional currencies of the respective Group entities. To hedge against the volatility of future cash flows caused by changes in 
foreign currency rates, the Group utilises forward foreign currency contracts and other foreign currency hedging instruments to 
hedge the Group’s exposure to specific currency risks relating to investments, receivables, payables and other commitments.  
Group Treasury Department monitors the current and projected foreign currency cash flow of the Group and aims to reduce the 
exposure of the net position in each currency by borrowing in foreign currency and other currency contracts where appropriate.
 
As at the end of the financial year, the Group has outstanding forward foreign exchange contracts with notional amounts totalling 
$5,284,557,000 (31 December 2017: $6,344,009,000, 1 January 2017: $7,865,165,000). The net negative fair value of forward 
foreign exchange contracts is $4,778,000 (31 December 2017: net positive fair value of $58,266,000, 1 January 2017: net negative 
fair value of $270,025,000) comprising assets of $28,143,000 (31 December 2017: $105,511,000, 1 January 2017: $138,169,000) 
and liabilities of $32,921,000 (31 December 2017: $47,245,000, 1 January 2017: $408,194,000). These amounts are recognised as 
derivative assets and derivative liabilities.
 
As at the end of the financial year, the Company has outstanding forward foreign exchange contracts with notional amounts 
totalling $5,203,754,000 (31 December 2017: $6,269,592,000, 1 January 2017: $7,716,396,000). The net negative fair value of 
forward foreign exchange contracts is $4,972,000 (31 December 2017: net positive fair value of $56,859,000, 1 January 2017: 
net negative fair value of $265,342,000) comprising assets of $27,731,000 (31 December 2017: $104,045,000, 1 January 2017: 
$137,860,000) and liabilities of $32,703,000 (31 December 2017: $47,186,000, 1 January 2017: $403,202,000). These amounts are 
recognised as derivative assets and derivative liabilities.
--------------------------------------------------Page 174--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   179
 
Other than the above hedged foreign currency contracts, the unhedged currency exposure of financial assets and financial 
liabilities denominated in currencies other than the respective entities’ functional currencies are as follows:
 
 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
USD 
RMB 
Others 
USD 
RMB 
Others
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Group
 
Financial Assets
 
Debtors 
22,038 
19,388 
374,124 
187,377 
1,001 
90,994
 
Investments 
197,976 
- 
92,244 
278,092 
- 
98,973
 
Bank balances, deposits & cash 
134,222 
186,215 
27,109 
140,111 
245,835 
14,323
 
Financial Liabilities
 
Creditors 
88,895 
7,878 
25,874 
68,066 
214 
52,988
 
Term loans 
611,546 
- 
131,718 
55,896 
- 
241,330
 
Company
 
Financial Assets
 
Debtors 
776 
83 
- 
- 
52 
-
 
Investments 
27,400 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
Bank balances, deposits & cash 
78 
236 
- 
1 
330 
13
 
Financial Liabilities
 
Creditors 
3,757 
246 
69 
- 
- 
-
 
Term loans 
294,550 
- 
13,607 
- 
- 
-
 
Sensitivity analysis for currency risk
 
If the relevant foreign currency change against SGD by 5% (2017: 5%) with all other variables held constant, the effects will be as 
follows:
 
Profit before tax 
Equity
 
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2018 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Group
 
USD against SGD
 
 
- Strengthened 
(25,195) 
10,109 
7,759 
13,812
 
 
- Weakened 
25,195 
(10,109) 
(7,759) 
(13,812)
 
RMB against SGD
 
 
- Strengthened 
9,886 
12,331 
- 
-
 
 
- Weakened 
(9,886) 
(12,331) 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Company
 
USD against SGD
 
 
- Strengthened 
(13,602) 
- 
- 
-
 
 
- Weakened 
13,602 
- 
- 
-
 
RMB against SGD
 
 
- Strengthened 
3 
19 
- 
-
 
 
- Weakened 
(3) 
(19) 
- 
-
(ii) 
Interest rate risk
 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk for changes in interest rates primarily for debt obligations, placements in the money 
market and investments in bonds. The Group policy is to maintain a mix of fixed and variable rate debt instruments with varying 
maturities. Where necessary, the Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge interest rate risks.
 
The Group enters into interest rate swap agreements to hedge the interest rate risk exposure arising from its SGD, USD and 
Renminbi variable rate term loans (Note 21). As at the end of the financial year, the Group has interest rate swap agreements 
with notional amount totalling $1,667,483,000 (31 December 2017: $1,778,962,000, 1 January 2017: $1,678,235,000) whereby 
it receives variable rates equal to SIBOR and LIBOR (31 December 2017: SIBOR and LIBOR, 1 January 2017: SIBOR, LIBOR and 
SHIBOR) and pays fixed rates of between 1.33% and 3.62% (31 December 2017: 1.27% and 3.62%, 1 January 2017: 1.27% and 
4.90%) on the notional amount.
 
The net negative fair value of interest rate swaps for the Group is $62,841,000 (31 December 2017: net negative fair value of 
$58,025,000, 1 January 2017: net negative fair value of $10,605,000) comprising assets of $4,677,000 (31 December 2017: 
$4,339,000, 1 January 2017: $2,703,000) and liabilities of $67,518,000 (31 December 2017: $62,364,000, 1 January 2017: 
$13,308,000). These amounts are recognised as derivative assets and derivative liabilities.
--------------------------------------------------Page 175--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
180   
   
33. 
Financial risk management (continued)
 
Sensitivity analysis for interest rate risk
 
If interest rates increase/decrease by 0.5% (2017: 0.5%) with all other variables held constant, the Group’s profit before tax would 
have been lower/higher by $10,827,000 (2017: $13,649,000) as a result of higher/lower interest expense on floating rate loans.
(iii) 
Price risk
 
The Group hedges against fluctuations arising on the purchase of natural gas that affect cost. Exposure to price fluctuations is 
managed via fuel oil forward contracts, whereby the price of natural gas is indexed to benchmark fuel price indices, High Sulphur 
Fuel Oil (HSFO) 180-CST and Dated Brent.  As at the end of the financial year, the Group has outstanding HSFO and Dated Brent 
forward contracts with notional amounts totalling $938,774,000 (31 December 2017: $542,679,000, 1 January 2017: $579,270,000) 
and $10,001,000 (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: $Nil) respectively. The net negative fair value of HSFO forward contracts 
for the Group is $147,250,000 (31 December 2017: net positive fair value of $89,599,000, 1 January 2017: net positive fair value of 
$57,122,000) comprising assets of $25,568,000 (31 December 2017: $97,957,000, 1 January 2017: $83,215,000) and liabilities of 
$172,818,000 (31 December 2017: $8,358,000, 1 January 2017: $26,093,000). These amounts are recognised as derivative assets 
and derivative liabilities. The net negative fair value of Dated Brent forward contracts for the Group of $14,138,000 (31 December 
2017 and 1 January 2017: $Nil) is recognised as derivative liabilities. 
 
The Group hedges against fluctuations in electricity prices via its daily sales of electricity. Exposure to price fluctuations is 
managed via electricity futures contracts. As at the end of the financial year, the Group has outstanding electricity futures contracts 
with notional amounts totalling $80,055,000 (31 December 2017: $47,042,000, 1 January 2017: $6,964,000). The net positive fair 
values of electricity futures contracts is $7,857,000 (31 December 2017: net negative fair value of $2,297,000, 1 January 2017: net 
negative fair value of $124,000) comprising assets of $9,002,000 (31 December 2017: $199,000, 1 January 2017: $405,000) and 
liabilities of $1,145,000 (31 December 2017: $2,496,000, 1 January: $529,000). These amount are recognised as derivative assets 
and derivative liabilities.
 
The Group is exposed to equity securities price risk arising from equity investments classified as investments at fair value 
through profit or loss and investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, in the case of 2017, available-for-
sale investments. To manage its price risk arising from investments in equity securities, the Group diversifies its portfolio. 
Diversification of the portfolio is done in accordance with the limits set by the Group.
 
Sensitivity analysis for price risk
 
If prices for HSFO and Dated Brent increase/decrease by 5% (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: 5%) with all other 
variables held constant, the Group’s hedging reserve in equity would have been higher/lower by $39,366,000 (31 December 2017: 
$30,635,000, 1 January 2017: $31,820,000) and $252,000 (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: $Nil) respectively as a result of 
fair value changes on cash flow hedges.
 
If prices for electricity futures contracts increase/decrease by 5% (31 December 2017 and 1 January 2017: 5%) with all other 
variables held constant, the Group’s hedging reserve in equity would have been lower/higher by $2,849,000 (31 December 2017: 
$2,467,000, 1 January 2017: $15,000) as a result of fair value changes on cash flow hedges.
 
If prices for quoted investments increase/decrease by 5% (2017: 5%) with all other variables held constant, the Group’s profit 
before tax would have been higher/lower by $5,205,000 (2017: $8,965,000) as a result of higher/lower fair value gains on 
investments at fair value through profit or loss, and the Group’s fair value reserve in other comprehensive income would have been 
higher/lower by $2,047,000 (2017: $3,195,000) as a result of higher/lower fair value gains on investments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income, in the case of 2017, available-for-sale investments.
 
The various sensitivity rates used in the sensitivity analysis for currency, interest rate and price risks represent rates generally used 
internally by management when assessing the various risks.
 
Credit Risk
 
Credit risk refers to the risk that debtors will default on their obligation to repay the amount owing to the Group. A substantial portion 
of the Group’s revenue is on credit terms. The Group adopts stringent procedures on extending credit terms to customers and on the 
monitoring of credit risk. The credit policy spells out clearly the guidelines on extending credit terms to customers, including monitoring 
the process and using related industry’s practices as reference. This includes assessment and valuation of customers’ credit reliability 
and periodic review of their financial status to determine the credit limits to be granted. Customers are also assessed based on their 
historical payment records. Where necessary, customers may also be requested to provide security or advance payment before services 
are rendered. The Group’s policy does not permit non-secured credit risk to be significantly centralised in one customer or a group of 
customers.
 
The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECLs”) associated with its financial assets which are mainly 
debtors, amounts due from associated companies and bank balances, deposits and cash.
 
ECLs are probability-weighted estimates of credit losses. Credit losses are measured at the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. 
the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to 
receive). ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset. At each balance sheet date, the Group assesses whether 
financial assets carried at amortised cost and at FVOCI are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events 
that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred. These events include probability 
of insolvency, significant financial difficulties of the debtor and default or significant delay in payments. 
Notes to the Financial Statements
--------------------------------------------------Page 176--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   181
 
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when estimating 
ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This 
includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and informed credit 
assessment and includes forward-looking information.
 
The Group uses a provision matrix to measure the ECLs. In measuring the ECLs, assets are grouped based on shared credit risk 
characteristics and days past due. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each 
category of customers and adjusts to reflect current and forward-looking macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to 
settle the receivables.
 
Trade receivables and contract assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a debtor failing to 
engage in a repayment plan with the Group.
 
The Group’s credit risk exposure in relation to debtors under SFRS(I) 9 as at 31 December 2018 are set out in the provision matrix as 
follows:
 
 
Current 
1 to 3 months 
3 to 6 months 
> 6 months 
Total
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Offshore & Marine
 
Expected loss rate 
0.02% 
0.4% 
0.5% 
21.6% 
 
Trade receivables 
164,367 
27,776 
11,511 
1,128,408 
1,332,062
 
Loss allowance  
28 
107 
52 
243,665 
243,852
 
Infrastructure
 
Expected loss rate 
0.1% 
0.7% 
5.0% 
51.7% 
 
Trade receivables 
134,201 
33,701 
4,378 
3,928 
176,208
 
Loss allowance  
128 
244 
219 
2,032 
2,623
 
For the remaining subsidiaries which transact with low volume of customers and customers are monitored individually for credit 
loss assessment, the receivables (including concession service receivable and contract assets) are assessed individually for lifetime 
expected credit losses at each reporting date. In calculating the expected credit loss, the Group uses a probability-weighted amount that 
is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes. The possible outcomes include an unbiased estimate of the possibility that a 
credit loss occurs and the possibility that no credit loss occurs even if the most likely outcome is no credit loss. 
 
Individual customer will be evaluated periodically for its credit risk and the credit risk assessment is based on historical, current and 
forward-looking information such as:
- 
Historical financial and default rate of the customer
- 
Any publicly available information on the customer
- 
Any macro-economic or geopolitical information relevant to the customer
- 
Any other objectively supportable information on the quality and abilities of the customer’s management relevant for its 
performance
 
Property
 
For investment properties, the Group manages credit risks arising from tenants defaulting on their rental by requiring the tenants to 
furnish cash deposits, and/or banker’s guarantees. The Group also has a policy of regular review of debt collection and rental contracts 
are entered into with customers with an appropriate credit history.
 
In measuring the expected credit losses, trade debtors and contract assets are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and 
days past due. The Group has therefore concluded that the expected loss rates for trade debtors are a reasonable approximation of the 
loss rates for the contract assets. 
 
In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each category of customers and adjusts to 
reflect current and forward-looking macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.
 
Trade receivables are subject to immaterial credit loss under the property segment.
 
Investments
 
Trade receivables are subject to immaterial credit loss under the investments segment.
 
Balances due from associated companies are subject to immaterial credit loss.
 
The Company has assessed that its subsidiaries have strong financial capacity to meet the contractual cash flow obligations and hence 
does not expect significant credit losses.
--------------------------------------------------Page 177--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
182   
   
33. 
Financial risk management (continued)
 
Previous accounting policy for impairment of debtors
 
Significant financial difficulties of the debtor and default or significant delay in payments are objective evidence that the financial assets 
are impaired. The carrying amount of these assets is reduced through the use of an allowance account and the loss is recognised in 
the profit and loss account. When the asset becomes uncollectible, the carrying amount is written off against the allowance account.  
If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be objectively measured, the previously 
recognised impairment loss is reversed to the extent that the carrying amount does not exceed the amortised cost had no impairment 
been recognised in the prior periods. The amount of reversal is recognised in the profit and loss account.
 
Debtors and amounts due from associated companies that are neither past due nor impaired are substantially companies with good 
collection track record with the Group. Bank deposits, forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate caps and interest rate swaps are 
mainly transacted with banks of high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.
 
The age analysis of trade debtors past due but not impaired/partially impaired is as follows:
 
 
 
Group
 
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000
 
Past due zero to three months but not impaired 
88,280 
120,531
 
Past due three to six months but not impaired 
74,420 
74,905
 
Past due over six months and partially impaired 
1,180,123 
1,262,615
 
 
 
 
1,342,823 
1,458,051
 
Trade debtors that are individually determined to be impaired at the balance sheet date relate to debtors that are in significant financial 
difficulties and have defaulted on payments.
 
Liquidity Risk
 
Prudent liquidity risk management requires the Group to maintain sufficient cash and marketable securities, internally generated cash 
flows, and the availability of funding resources through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities.  Group Treasury Department 
also maintains a mix of short-term money market borrowings and medium/long term loans to fund working capital requirements and 
capital expenditures/investments. Due to the dynamic nature of business, the Group maintains flexibility in funding by ensuring that 
ample working capital lines are available at any one time.
 
Information relating to the maturity profile of loans is given in Note 21.
Notes to the Financial Statements
--------------------------------------------------Page 178--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   183
 
The following table details the liquidity analysis for derivative financial instruments and borrowings of the Group and the Company based 
on contractual undiscounted cash inflows/(outflows).
 
 
 
 
 
Within 
Within
 
 
 
 
Within 
one to 
two to 
After
 
 
 
 
one year 
two years  
five years 
five years
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Group
 
31 December 2018
 
Gross-settled forward foreign exchange contracts
 
  - Receipts 
4,371,906 
595,863 
291,056 
-
 
 
- Payments 
(4,376,578) 
(590,895) 
(293,122) 
-
 
Net-settled HSFO forward contracts
 
 
- Receipts 
18,276 
5,291 
2,001 
-
 
 
- Payments 
(78,658) 
(89,608) 
(4,551) 
-
 
Net-settled Dated Brent forward contracts
 
 
- Receipts 
588 
- 
- 
-
 
 
- Payments 
(11,333) 
(2,377) 
(1,019) 
-
 
Net-settled electricity futures contracts
 
 
- Receipts 
3,042 
5,960 
- 
-
 
 
- Payments 
(986) 
(159) 
- 
-
 
Borrowings 
(1,880,464) 
(1,107,664) 
(3,958,879) 
(1,565,429)
 
31 December 2017
 
Gross-settled forward foreign exchange contracts
 
 
- Receipts 
5,367,540 
989,250 
48,742 
-
 
 
- Payments 
(5,310,740) 
(989,397) 
(50,423) 
-
 
Net-settled HSFO forward contracts
 
 
- Receipts 
85,426 
12,150 
381 
-
 
 
- Payments 
(4,564) 
(1,841) 
(1,953) 
-
 
Net-settled electricity futures contracts
 
 
- Receipts 
52 
147 
- 
-
 
 
- Payments 
(2,390) 
(106) 
- 
-
 
Borrowings 
(1,903,567) 
(1,567,496) 
(3,457,684) 
(1,884,254)
 
1 January 2017
 
Gross-settled forward foreign exchange contracts 
 
 
 
 
 
- Receipts 
5,417,222 
1,419,776 
681,250 
-
 
 
- Payments 
(5,688,831) 
(1,402,107) 
(663,117) 
-
 
Net-settled HSFO forward contracts
 
 
- Receipts 
55,851 
25,690 
1,673 
-
 
 
- Payments 
(17,390) 
(7,354) 
(1,349) 
-
 
Net-settled electricity futures contracts
 
 
- Receipts 
513 
- 
- 
-
 
 
- Payments 
(495) 
(142) 
- 
-
 
Borrowings 
(1,542,315) 
(2,011,240) 
(3,415,261) 
(2,794,455)
 
Company
 
31 December 2018
 
Gross-settled forward foreign exchange contracts
 
 
- Receipts 
4,295,278 
591,445 
291,056 
 -
 
 
- Payments 
(4,300,024) 
(586,549) 
(293,122) 
 -
 
Borrowings 
(767,884) 
(592,033) 
(2,224,328) 
(982,992)
 
31 December 2017
 
Gross-settled forward foreign exchange contracts
 
 
- Receipts 
5,306,832 
973,865 
48,742 
 - 
 
 
- Payments 
(5,251,003) 
(974,631) 
(50,423) 
 - 
 
Borrowings 
(644,666) 
(85,514) 
(2,096,221) 
(1,333,585)
 
1 January 2017
 
Gross-settled forward foreign exchange contracts
 
 
- Receipts 
5,286,287 
1,405,221 
675,651 
-
 
 
- Payments 
(5,559,747) 
(1,387,357) 
(657,486) 
-
 
Borrowings 
(312,060) 
(486,119) 
(1,230,036) 
(2,262,454)
 
In addition to the above, creditors (Note 19) of the Group and the Company have a maturity profile of within one year from the balance 
sheet date.
--------------------------------------------------Page 179--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
184   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
33. 
Financial risk management (continued)
 
Capital Risk
 
The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain an 
optimal capital structure so as to maximise shareholder value. In order to maintain or achieve an optimal capital structure, the Group 
may adjust the amount of dividend payment, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares, obtain new borrowings or sell assets to 
reduce borrowings. The Group’s current strategy remains unchanged from the previous financial year. The Group and the Company 
are in compliance with externally imposed capital undertakings for the financial year ended 31 December 2018. Externally imposed 
capital undertakings are mainly debt covenants included in certain loans of the Group and the Company requiring the Group or certain 
subsidiaries of the Company to maintain net gearing to total equity not exceeding ratios ranging from 2.00 to 3.00 times.
 
Management monitors capital based on the Group net gearing. The Group net gearing is calculated as net borrowings divided by total 
equity. Net borrowings are calculated as bank balances, deposits & cash (Note 18) less total term loans (Note 21). 
 
Group
 
 
 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Net debt 
5,567,103 
5,519,215 
6,965,964
 
Total equity 
11,587,140 
11,972,959 
12,344,890
 
Net gearing ratio 
0.48x 
0.46x 
0.56x
 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Investment Properties
 
The Group classifies fair value measurement using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in making the 
measurement. The fair value hierarchy has the following levels:
• 
Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
• 
Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as 
prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices)
• 
Level 3 - Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). Fair value is 
determined by reference to the net tangible assets of the investments.
 
The following table presents the assets and liabilities measured at fair value.
 
 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Group
 
31 December 2018
 
Financial assets
 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
67,978 
- 
67,978
 
Call option 
- 
- 
150,500 
150,500
 
Investments
 
 
- Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 
6,527 
- 
201,830 
208,357
 
 
- Investments at fair value through profit or loss 
29,332 
43,800 
168,026 
241,158
 
Short term investments
 
 
- Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 
34,428 
- 
- 
34,428
 
 
- Investments at fair value through profit or loss 
74,759 
- 
- 
74,759
 
 
 
 
145,046 
111,778 
520,356 
777,180
 
Financial liabilities
 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
289,132 
- 
289,132
 
Non-financial assets
 
Investment Properties
 
 
- Commercial and residential, completed 
- 
- 
1,716,314 
1,716,314
 
 
- Commercial, under construction  
- 
- 
1,135,066 
1,135,066
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
2,851,380 
2,851,380
--------------------------------------------------Page 180--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   185
 
 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Group
 
31 December 2017
 
Financial assets
 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
208,006 
- 
208,006
 
Call option 
- 
- 
137,200 
137,200
 
Investments
 
 
- Available-for-sale investments 
8,854 
- 
238,606 
247,460
 
 
- Investments at fair value through profit or loss 
31,647 
43,250 
30,813 
105,710
 
Short term investments
 
 
- Available-for-sale investments 
55,048 
- 
- 
55,048
 
 
- Investments at fair value through profit or loss 
147,654 
- 
74 
147,728
 
 
 
 
243,203 
251,256 
406,693 
901,152
 
Financial liabilities
 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
120,463 
- 
120,463
 
Non-financial assets
 
Investment Properties
 
 
- Commercial and residential, completed 
- 
- 
1,404,294 
1,404,294
 
 
- Commercial, under construction  
- 
- 
2,056,314 
2,056,314
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
3,460,608 
3,460,608
 
Group
 
1 January 2017
 
Financial assets
 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
224,492 
- 
224,492
 
Call option 
- 
- 
120,600 
120,600
 
Investments
 
 
- Available-for-sale investments 
12,878 
11,788 
221,890 
246,556
 
 
- Investments at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
8,973 
8,973
 
Short term investments
 
 
- Available-for-sale investments 
77,264 
49,610 
- 
126,874
 
 
- Investments at fair value through profit or loss 
147,054 
- 
- 
147,054
 
 
 
 
237,196 
285,890 
351,463 
874,549
 
Financial liabilities
 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
448,124 
- 
448,124
 
Non-financial assets
 
Investment Properties
 
 
- Commercial and residential, completed 
- 
- 
1,639,368 
1,639,368
 
 
- Commercial, under construction  
- 
- 
1,910,922 
1,910,922
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
3,550,290 
3,550,290
--------------------------------------------------Page 181--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
186   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
33. 
Financial risk management (continued)
 
 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total
 
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
Company
 
31 December 2018
 
Financial assets
 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
31,968 
- 
31,968
 
Investments
 
 
- Investments at fair value through other 
 
 
comprehensive income 
- 
- 
16,957 
16,957
 
 
 
 
- 
31,968 
16,957 
48,925
 
Financial liabilities
 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
71,099 
- 
71,099
 
31 December 2017
 
Financial assets
 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
107,631 
- 
107,631
 
Investments
 
 
- Available-for-sale investments 
- 
- 
15,012 
15,012
 
 
 
 
- 
107,631 
15,012 
122,643
 
Financial liabilities
 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
90,049 
- 
90,049
 
1 January 2017
 
Financial assets
 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
140,122 
- 
140,122
 
Investments
 
 
- Available-for-sale investments 
- 
- 
14,340 
14,340
 
 
 
 
- 
140,122 
14,340 
154,462
 
Financial liabilities
 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
411,945 
- 
411,945
 
There have been no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 for the Group and Company in 2018 and 2017.
 
The following table presents the reconciliation of financial instruments measured at fair value based on significant unobservable inputs 
(Level 3).
 
Group 
Company
 
 
  
2018 
2017 
2018 
2017
 
 
  
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
At 1 January 
406,693 
351,463 
15,012 
14,340
 
Adoption of SFRS(I) 9
 
 
- Reclassification of investments previously held at cost 
90,408 
- 
- 
-
 
 
- Fair value loss 
(25,119) 
- 
- 
-
 
Purchases 
105,664 
22,522 
- 
-
 
Sales 
(122,034) 
(8,265) 
- 
-
 
Fair value (loss)/gain recognised in other comprehensive income 
(1,124) 
17,062 
1,945 
672
 
Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss 
47,785 
24,199 
- 
-
 
Reclassification 
16,877 
- 
- 
-
 
Exchange differences 
1,206 
(288) 
- 
-
 
At 31 December 
520,356 
406,693 
16,957 
15,012
--------------------------------------------------Page 182--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   187
 
The following table presents the reconciliation of investment properties measured at fair value based on significant unobservable inputs 
(Level 3).
 
 
 
Group
 
 
  
2018 
2017
 
 
  
$’000 
$’000
 
At 1 January 
3,460,608 
3,550,290
 
Development expenditure 
94,099 
181,522
 
Fair value gain 
84,886 
182,753
 
Disposal 
(2,870) 
-
 
Subsidiary acquired 
360,000 
-
 
Subsidiary disposed 
(948,613) 
(405,604)
 
Reclassification
 
 
- Stocks 
(158,300) 
-
 
 
- Fixed assets 
- 
1,376
 
Exchange differences 
(38,430) 
(49,729)
 
At 31 December 
2,851,380 
3,460,608
 
The fair value of financial instruments categorised under Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy is based on published market bid prices at the 
balance sheet date.
 
The fair value of financial instruments categorised under Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy are fair valued under valuation techniques 
with market observable inputs. These include forward pricing and swap models utilising present value calculations using inputs such as 
observable foreign exchange rates (forward and spot rates), interest rate curves and forward rate curves and discount rates that reflects 
the credit risks of various counterparties. The fair value of investment at fair value through profit or loss categorised under Level 2 of the 
fair value hierarchy is based on the consideration specified in a sales and purchase agreement. 
 
The following table presents the valuation techniques and key inputs that were used to determine the fair value of financial instruments 
and investment properties categorised under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
 
 
 
 
Fair value
 
 
 
 
as at
 
 
 
 
31 December 
 
 
Range of
 
 
 
 
2018 
Valuation 
Unobservable 
Unobservable
 
Description 
$’000 
Techniques 
Inputs 
Inputs
 
Investments 
369,856 
Net asset value and/or discounted 
Net asset value * 
Not applicable 
 
 
 
 
cash flow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discount rate 
11%
 
Call option 
150,500 
Direct comparison method and 
Transacted price of 
$2,500 to $3,200
 
 
 
 
 
investment method 
comparable properties 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(psf)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capitalisation rate 
3.5% to 3.65%
* 
Fair value of unquoted equity instruments is determined by reference to the underlying assets value of the investee companies, which comprise mainly investment 
properties stated at fair value.
--------------------------------------------------Page 183--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
188   
   
33. 
Financial risk management (continued)
 
 
 
 
Fair value
 
 
 
 
as at
 
 
 
 
31 December 
 
 
Range of
 
 
 
 
2018 
Valuation 
Unobservable 
Unobservable
 
Description 
$’000 
Techniques 
Inputs 
Inputs
 
Investment Properties
 
- Commercial and residential,  
1,716,314 
Direct comparison method, 
Discount rate 
10.25% to 12.45%
 
 
completed 
 
investment method, cost 
 
 
 
 
 
replacement method and/or  
Terminal yield 
7.00%
 
 
 
 
 
discounted cash flow method
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capitalisation rate 
4.25% to 12.00%
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net initial yield 
3.7%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Price of comparable  
$4,700 to $5,707
 
 
 
 
 
 
land plots (psm)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transacted price of  
$1,727 to $3,294
 
 
 
 
 
 
comparable properties 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(psf) 
 
 
- Commercial, under construction 
1,135,066 
Direct comparison method, and/or  
Price of comparable 
$6,737 to $11,990
 
 
 
 
 
residual method 
land plots (psm) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross development  
$636 to $1,898
 
 
 
 
 
 
value ($’million)
 
 
 
 
Fair value
 
 
 
 
as at
 
 
 
 
31 December 
 
 
Range of
 
 
 
 
2017 
Valuation 
Unobservable 
Unobservable
 
Description 
$’000 
Techniques 
Inputs 
Inputs
 
Investments 
269,493 
Net asset value and/or discounted  
Net asset value * 
Not applicable
 
 
 
 
 
cash flow
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discount rate 
11%
 
Call option 
137,200 
Direct comparison method and  
Transacted price of 
$2,600 to $3,200
 
 
 
 
 
investment method 
comparable properties 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(psf)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capitalisation rate 
3.5% to 3.75%
 
Investment Properties
 
- Commercial and residential,  
1,404,294 
Direct comparison method, 
Discount rate 
11.50% to 13.00%
 
 
completed 
 
investment method, cost 
 
 
 
 
 
replacement method and/or  
Terminal yield 
7.00%
 
 
 
 
 
discounted cash flow method
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capitalisation rate 
2.80% to 12.50%
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net initial yield 
3.8%
 
 
 
 
 
 
Price of comparable  
$7,627 to $12,463
 
 
 
 
 
 
land plots (psm)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transacted price of  
$1,321 to $2,500
 
 
 
 
 
 
comparable properties 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(psf)
 
- Commercial, under construction 
2,056,314 
Direct comparison method, and/or  
Price of comparable 
$7,627 to $12,463
 
 
 
 
 
residual method 
land plots (psm)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross development 
$588 to $1,866
 
 
 
 
 
 
value ($’million)
* 
Fair value of unquoted equity instruments is determined by reference to the underlying assets value of the investee companies, which comprise mainly investment 
properties stated at fair value.
--------------------------------------------------Page 184--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   189
 
 
 
 
Fair value
 
 
 
 
as at
 
 
 
 
1 January 
 
 
Range of
 
 
 
 
2017 
Valuation 
Unobservable 
Unobservable
 
Description 
$’000 
Techniques 
Inputs 
Inputs
 
Investments 
230,863 
Net asset value and/or discounted  
Net asset value * 
Not applicable
 
 
 
 
 
cash flow
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discount rate 
11%
 
Call option 
120,600 
Direct comparison method and  
Transacted price of 
$3,000 to $3,400
 
 
 
 
 
investment method 
comparable properties 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(psf)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capitalisation rate 
3.5% to 3.75%
 
Investment Properties
 
- Commercial and residential, 
 
 
completed 
1,639,368 
Direct comparison method, 
Discount rate 
7.50% to 13.70%
 
 
 
 
 
investment method, income 
 
 
 
 
 
capitalisation method, cost  
Occupancy rate 
95%
 
 
 
 
 
replacement method and/or 
 
 
 
 
 
discounted cash flow method 
Terminal yield 
7.25% to 7.70%
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capitalisation rate 
2.80% to 12.50%
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net initial yield 
5.3%
 
 
 
 
 
 
Price of comparable  
$9,513 to $13,213
 
 
 
 
 
 
land plots (psm)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transacted price of  
$1,296 to $2,100
 
 
 
 
 
 
comparable properties 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(psf)
 
- Commercial, under construction 
1,910,922 
Direct comparison method, and/or  
Price of comparable 
$9,513 to $13,213
 
 
 
 
 
residual method 
land plots (psm)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross development 
$629 to $1,699
 
 
 
 
 
 
value ($’million)
*  
Fair value of unquoted equity instruments is determined by reference to the underlying assets value of the investee companies, which comprise mainly investment 
properties stated at fair value.
 
The financial instruments and investment properties categorised under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are generally sensitive to the 
various unobservable inputs tabled above. A significant movement of each input would result in significant change to the fair value of the 
respective asset/liability.
 
The Group’s finance team assessed the fair value of investments at fair value through other comprehensive income on a quarterly basis. 
 
Valuation process of investment properties is described in Note 7.
34. 
Segment analysis
 
The Group is organised into business units based on their products and services, and has four reportable operating segments as follows: 
(i) 
Offshore & Marine
 
Principal activities include offshore rig design, construction, repair and upgrading, ship conversions and repair, and specialised 
shipbuilding. The Division has operations in Brazil, China, Singapore, United States and other countries.
(ii) 
Property
 
Principal activities include property development and investment, and property fund management. The Division has operations in 
Australia, China, India, Indonesia, Singapore, Vietnam and other countries.
(iii) 
Infrastructure
 
Principal activities include environmental engineering, power generation, logistics and data centres. The Division has operations in 
China, Qatar, Singapore, United Kingdom and other countries.
(iv) 
Investments
 
The Investments Division consists mainly of the Group’s investments in fund management, KrisEnergy Limited, M1 Limited, k1 
Ventures Ltd, Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City Investment and Development Co., Limited and equities.
--------------------------------------------------Page 185--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
190   
   
34. 
Segment analysis (continued)
 
Management monitors the results of each of the above operating segments for the purpose of making decisions about resource 
allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on net profit or loss. Information regarding the 
Group’s reportable segments is presented in the following table:
 
 
 
Offshore 
 
 
 
& Marine 
Property 
Infrastructure 
Investments 
Elimination 
Total
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
2018
 
Revenue
 
External sales 
1,874,571  
1,340,235  
2,628,571  
121,404  
-  
5,964,781
 
Inter-segment sales 
- 
6,139  
22,729  
60,872  
(89,740) 
- 
 
Total 
1,874,571  
1,346,374  
2,651,300  
182,276  
(89,740) 
5,964,781
 
Segment Results
 
Operating (loss)/profit 
(73,433) 
1,031,852  
105,332  
(23,019) 
1,834  
1,042,566
 
Investment income 
1,199  
3,976  
2,230  
2,586  
-  
9,991
 
Interest income 
53,675  
57,268  
57,265  
295,233  
(299,181) 
164,260
 
Interest expenses 
(102,630) 
(70,869) 
(16,969) 
(305,322) 
297,347  
(198,443)
 
Share of results of associated 
 
companies 
8,001  
165,311  
36,499  
11,707  
- 
221,518
 
(Loss)/Profit before tax 
(113,188) 
1,187,538  
184,357  
(18,815) 
- 
1,239,892
 
Taxation 
2,523  
(253,963) 
(7,837) 
(24,470) 
- 
(283,747)
 
(Loss)/Profit for the year 
(110,665) 
933,575  
176,520  
(43,285) 
- 
956,145
 
Attributable to:
 
Shareholders of Company 
(109,250) 
937,896  
169,584  
(54,401) 
- 
943,829
 
Non-controlling interests 
(1,415) 
(4,321) 
6,936  
11,116  
- 
12,316
 
 
 
(110,665) 
933,575  
176,520  
(43,285) 
- 
956,145
 
External revenue from contracts 
 
with customers
 
- At a point in time 
97,835 
825,480 
28,642 
10,469 
- 
962,426
 
- Over time 
1,776,736 
469,357 
2,596,393 
105,651 
- 
4,948,137
 
 
 
1,874,571 
1,294,837 
2,625,035 
116,120 
- 
5,910,563
 
Other sources of revenue 
- 
45,398 
3,536 
5,284 
- 
54,218
 
Total 
1,874,571 
1,340,235 
2,628,571 
121,404 
- 
5,964,781
 
Other information
 
Segment assets 
8,461,013 
13,850,067 
3,649,336 
7,596,099 
(6,950,188) 
26,606,327
 
Segment liabilities 
5,556,134 
5,692,596 
2,248,589 
8,472,056 
(6,950,188) 
15,019,187
 
Net assets 
2,904,879 
8,157,471 
1,400,747 
(875,957) 
- 
11,587,140
 
Investment in associated companies 
706,189 
3,206,987 
1,066,849 
1,259,660 
               -            6,239,685
 
Additions to non-current assets 
87,478 
461,857 
61,394 
28,225 
               -               638,954
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
99,091 
32,762 
44,930 
5,603 
               -               182,386
 
Impairment loss 
32,503 
796 
1,754 
53,000 
- 
88,053
 
Geographical information
 
 
 
 
 
Other Far East
 
 
 
  
 
& ASEAN 
Other
 
 
Singapore 
China 
Brazil 
countries 
countries 
Elimination 
Total
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
External sales 
4,370,849 
741,759 
224,573 
374,430 
253,170 
- 
5,964,781
 
Non-current assets 
6,119,704 
2,747,668 
229,917 
1,648,108 
847,235 
- 
11,592,632
 
Other than Singapore and China, no single country accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the financial year ended            
31 December 2018.
 
Information about a major customer
 
Revenue of $730,615,000 is derived from a single external customer and is attributable to the Infrastructure Division for the year ended                  
31 December 2018.
 
Note: Pricing of inter-segment goods and services is at fair market value.
--------------------------------------------------Page 186--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   191
 
 
 
Offshore 
 
 
 
& Marine 
Property 
Infrastructure 
Investments 
Elimination 
Total
 
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
 
2017
 
Revenue
 
External sales 
1,801,347 
1,782,343 
2,207,162 
172,921 
-  
5,963,773
 
Inter-segment sales 
            584  
6,217  
       20,031  
62,795 
(89,627) 
 - 
 
Total 
1,801,931 
1,788,560 
2,227,193 
235,716 
(89,627) 
5,963,773
 
Segment Results
 
Operating (loss)/profit 
   (166,747) 
667,610  
124,984 
175,100 
99 
801,046
 
One-off financial penalty & 
 
related costs 
(618,722) 
              - 
              - 
              - 
              - 
(618,722)
 
Investment income 
2,112 
12,377 
              - 
5,382 
 -  
19,871
 
Interest income 
     50,897  
40,413 
47,801 
263,754 
(264,937) 
137,928
 
Interest expenses 
(127,080) 
     (67,053) 
     (16,009) 
  (243,923) 
264,838 
(189,227)
 
Share of results of associated 
 
companies 
         (2,650)  
       190,492  
12,587 
90,104 
                  -   
290,533
 
(Loss)/Profit before tax 
(862,190) 
843,839 
169,363 
290,417 
                -    
441,429
 
Taxation 
     14,180 
   (198,552) 
     (27,797) 
(31,880) 
                -     
(244,049)
 
(Loss)/Profit for the year 
    (848,010) 
645,287 
141,566 
258,537 
                -     
197,380
 
Attributable to:
 
Shareholders of Company 
(825,773) 
     649,826  
133,813 
238,159 
- 
196,025
 
Non-controlling interests 
     (22,237)  
       (4,539) 
7,753 
20,378 
 -  
1,355
 
 
 
(848,010) 
645,287 
141,566 
258,537 
 -  
197,380
 
External revenue from contracts 
 
with customers
 
- At a point in time 
230,402 
899,744 
27,365 
12,360 
 - 
1,169,871
 
- Over time 
1,570,945 
831,530 
2,176,390 
122,458 
 - 
4,701,323
 
 
 
1,801,347 
1,731,274 
2,203,755 
134,818 
- 
5,871,194
 
Other sources of revenue 
       - 
51,069 
3,407 
38,103 
       - 
92,579
 
Total 
1,801,347 
1,782,343 
2,207,162 
172,921 
-  
5,963,773
 
Other information
 
Segment assets 
10,102,851 
14,949,530 
3,417,867 
7,791,404 
(7,576,052) 
28,685,600
 
Segment liabilities 
8,913,463 
6,892,999 
1,867,633 
6,614,598 
  (7,576,052) 
16,712,641
 
Net assets 
1,189,388 
8,056,531 
1,550,234 
1,176,806 
-    
11,972,959
 
Investment in associated companies 
690,086 
2,918,425 
1,032,008 
1,273,258 
                  -    
    5,913,777
 
Additions to non-current assets 
              183,879                342,337                224,996                173,216  
                  -    
924,428
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
       129,527  
         36,869  
43,953 
2,031 
                 -    
212,380
 
Impairment loss/(write-back of 
 
impairment loss) 
28,800 
8,499 
2,554 
(45,808) 
                  - 
(5,955)
 
Geographical information
 
 
 
 
 
Other Far East
 
 
 
  
 
& ASEAN 
Other
 
 
Singapore 
China 
Brazil 
countries 
countries 
Elimination 
Total
 
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
External sales 
3,969,057 
807,780 
456,727 
436,187 
294,022 
               -  
5,963,773
Non-current assets 
5,937,794 
3,367,171 
267,965 
1,473,070 
893,942 
               -  
11,939,942
 
Other than Singapore and China, no single country accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the financial year ended            
31 December 2017.
 
Information about a major customer
 
No single external customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the financial year ended 31 December 2017.
 
Note: Pricing of inter-segment goods and services is at fair market value.
--------------------------------------------------Page 187--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
192   
   
Notes to the Financial Statements
35. 
New accounting standards and interpretations
 
At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the following new/revised SFRS(I)s, SFRS(I) Interpretations and amendments 
to SFRS(I)s that are relevant to the Group and the Company were issued but not effective:
• 
SFRS(I) 16 Leases 
• 
SFRS(I) INT 23 Uncertainty Over Income Tax Treatments 
• 
Amendments to SFRS(I) 9 Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
• 
Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-28 Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
• 
Amendments to SFRS(I) 3 and 11 Previously held interest in a joint operation
• 
Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12 Income tax consequences of payments on financial instruments classified as equity
• 
Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-23 Borrowing costs eligible for capitalization
 
The management anticipates that the adoption of the above SFRS(I)s, SFRS(I) Interpretations and amendments to SFRS(I)s in future 
periods will not have a material impact on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company in the period of their initial adoption 
except for the following:
 
SFRS(I) 16 Leases
 
SFRS(I) 16 will result in almost all leases being recognised on the balance sheet, as the distinction between operating and finance leases 
is removed. Under the new standard, an asset (the right to use the leased item) and a financial liability to pay rentals are recognised.     
The only exceptions are short-term leases and leases of low value assets. The accounting for lessors will not change significantly.
 
SFRS(I) 16 will take effect from financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2019. The Group intends to apply the simplified transition 
approach and will not restate comparative amounts for the year prior to first adoption. 
 
The standard will affect primarily the accounting for the Group’s operating leases. As at 31 December 2018, the Group has non-cancellable 
operating lease commitment of $909,035,000 (Note 30) that may result in the recognition of an asset and a liability for future payments.
 
The Group is currently finalising the transition adjustments.
 
36. 
Subsequent event
(a) 
On 28 January 2019, the Group announced that its 50% owned associate, Dong Nai Waterfront City LLC (“DNWC”) is undergoing a 
demerger and upon issuance of the Investment Registration Certificate by the relevant Vietnamese authorities, DNWC will become 
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group.
 
The Group will then divest its 70% interest (the “Sale Stake”) in DNWC to the Group’s associate, Nam Long Investment Corporation 
at a consideration of VND 2,313 billion (approximately S$136 million). The consideration was arrived on a willing-buyer and willing-
seller basis. The unaudited net asset value attributable to the Sale Stake was approximately S$57 million as at 31 December 2018.
(b) 
On 27 September 2018, a subsidiary of the Company, Konnectivity Pte Ltd, announced its intention to make a voluntary conditional 
general offer (“Offer”) for all the issued and paid up ordinary shares in the capital of M1 Limited. The Offer is subject to satisfaction 
of certain conditions. On 15 February 2019, the Offer turned unconditional and M1 Limited will become a subsidiary of the Group. 
The closing date of the Offer has been extended to 4 March 2019. The disclosure of the effect of the business combination on 
the financial statements could not be made as the purchase price allocation has not commenced at the date of this financial 
statements.
37. 
Significant subsidiaries and associated companies
 
Information relating to significant subsidiaries consolidated in these financial statements and significant associated companies whose 
results are equity accounted for is given in the following pages.
--------------------------------------------------Page 188--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   193
Significant Subsidiaries and Associated Companies
 
 
 
 
Country of
 
Gross 
Effective Equity 
 
Incorporation
 
Interest 
Interest 
Cost of Investment 
/Operation 
Principal Activities
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
OFFSHORE & MARINE
Offshore
Subsidiaries
Keppel Offshore and 
100 
100 
100 
100 
801,720 
801,720 
801,720 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Marine Ltd
Keppel FELS Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Construction, fabrication and repair 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of offshore production facilities and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
drilling rigs, power barges,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
specialised vessels and other  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
offshore production facilities
Angra Propriedades & 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Brazil 
Holding of long-term investments 
 
Administracao Ltd (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and property management
Deepwater Technology 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Research and experimental 
 
Group Pte Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
development on deepwater  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
engineering
Estaleiro BrasFELS 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Brazil 
Engineering, construction and 
 
Ltda (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
fabrication of platforms for the oil  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and gas sector, shipyard works and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
other general business activities
FELS Offshore Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore  
Holding of long-term investments
Fernvale Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Construction, fabrication and repair  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of drilling rigs and offshore  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
production facilities
FSTP Brasil Ltda (1a) 
75 
75 
75 
75 
# 
# 
# 
Brazil 
Procurement of equipment and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
materials for the construction of  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
offshore production facilities
FSTP Pte Ltd 
75 
75 
75 
75 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Project management, engineering  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and procurement
Greenwood Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Holding of long-term investments
Guanabara Navegacao 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Brazil 
Ship owning 
 
Ltda (1a)
Keppel AmFELS, LLC 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
USA 
Construction and repair of offshore  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
drilling rigs and offshore production  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
facilities
Keppel FELS Baltech 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Bulgaria 
Marine and offshore engineering 
 
Ltd (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
services
Keppel FELS Brasil 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Brazil 
Engineering, construction and 
 
SA (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
fabrication of platforms for the oil  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and gas industry
Keppel Floatec LLC 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
USA 
Fabrication of offshore platforms  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and structures
Keppel Letourneau 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
USA 
Design and license of various 
 
USA, Inc 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
offshore rigs and platforms
Keppel Offshore & 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
India 
Marine and offshore engineering 
 
Marine Engineering 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
services 
 
Services Mumbai 
 
Pte Ltd (1a)
Keppel Offshore & 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Research & development on marine 
 
Marine Technology 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and offshore engineering 
 
Centre Pte Ltd
Keppel Offshore & 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
USA 
Offshore and marine-related 
 
Marine USA Inc 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
services
Keppel Sea Scan 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Trading and installation of 
 
Pte Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
hardware, industrial, marine and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
building related products, leasing  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and provision of services
KV Enterprises BV (3) 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Netherlands 
Holding of long-term investments
--------------------------------------------------Page 189--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
194   
   
Significant Subsidiaries and Associated Companies
 
 
 
 
Country of
 
Gross 
Effective Equity 
 
Incorporation
 
Interest 
Interest 
Cost of Investment 
/Operation 
Principal Activities
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
KVE Adminstradora 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Brazil 
Holding of long-term investments 
 
de Bens Imoveis 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and property management 
 
Ltda (1a)
Lindel Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Project management, engineering  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and procurement
Offshore Partners 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Building of ships, tankers and other 
 
Pte Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ocean-going vessels; environmental 
 
(fka Caspian 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
engineering services 
 
Rigbuilders Pte Ltd)
Offshore Technology 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Production of jacking systems 
 
Development Pte Ltd
Regency Steel Japan 
51 
51 
51 
51 
# 
# 
# 
Japan 
Sourcing, fabricating and supply of 
 
Ltd (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
specialised steel components
Willalpha Limited (3) 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
BVI 
Holding of long-term investments
Associated Companies
Asian Lift Pte Ltd 
50 
50 
50 
50 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Provision of heavy-lift equipment  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and related services
Atwin Offshore & 
30 
30 
30 
30 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding company 
 
Marine Pte Ltd (2)
FloaTEC Singapore 
50 
50 
50 
50 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Manufacturing and repair of oil rigs 
 
Pte Ltd (2)
Floatel International 
50 
50 
50 
50 
# 
# 
# 
Bermuda 
Operating accommodation and 
 
Ltd (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
construction support vessels  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(floatels) for the offshore oil and gas  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
industry
Marine Housing 
50 
50 
50 
50 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Provision of housing services for 
 
Services Pte Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
marine workers
Seafox 5 Ltd (2) 
49 
49 
49 
49 
# 
# 
# 
Isle of Man 
Owning and leasing of multi- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
purpose self-elevating platforms
Marine
Subsidiaries
Keppel Shipyard Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Ship repairing, shipbuilding and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
conversions
Keppel Philippines 
98 
98 
98 
98 
# 
# 
# 
Philippines 
Shipbuilding and repairing 
 
Marine Inc (1a)
Alpine Engineering 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore  
Marine contracting 
 
Services Pte Ltd
Blastech Abrasives 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Painting, blasting, shot blasting, 
 
Pte Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
process and sale of slag
Keppel Nantong Heavy 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Engineering and construction of 
 
Industry Co Ltd (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
specialised vessels
Keppel Nantong 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Engineering and construction of 
 
Shipyard Company 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
specialised vessels 
 
Ltd (1a)
Keppel Singmarine 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Shipbuilding and repairing 
 
Pte Ltd
Keppel Subic Shipyard 
87+ 
86+ 
86+ 
86+ 
3,020 
3,020 
3,020 
Philippines 
Shipbuilding and repairing 
 
Inc (1a)
KS Investments Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Holding of long-term investments
KSI Production Pte 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
BVI 
Holding of long-term investments 
 
Ltd (3)
Marine Technology 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore  
Provision of technical consultancy 
 
Development Pte Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
for ship design and engineering  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
works
--------------------------------------------------Page 190--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   195
 
 
 
 
Country of
 
Gross 
Effective Equity 
 
Incorporation
 
Interest 
Interest 
Cost of Investment 
/Operation 
Principal Activities
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
Associated Companies
Arab Heavy Industries 
33 
33 
33 
33 
# 
# 
# 
UAE 
Shipbuilding and repairing 
 
PJSC (2)
Dyna-Mac Holdings Ltd 
24 
24 
24 
24 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Keppel Smit Towage 
51 
51 
51 
51 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Provision of towage services 
 
Pte Ltd
Maju Maritime Pte Ltd 
51 
51 
51 
51 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Provision of towage services
Nakilat - Keppel 
20 
20 
20 
20 
# 
# 
# 
Qatar 
Ship repairing 
 
Offshore & Marine 
 
Ltd (2)
PV Keez Pte Ltd (2) 
20 
20 
20 
20 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Chartering of ships, barges and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
boats with crew
PROPERTY
Subsidiaries
Keppel Land Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
4,793,367 
4,793,367 
4,716,367 
Singapore 
Holding, management and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
investment company
Keppel Land China Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Keppel Bay Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property development
Keppel Philippines 
87+ 
87+ 
87+ 
80+ 
493 
493 
493 
Philippines 
Investment holding 
 
Properties Inc (1a)
Aether Ltd (3) 
- 
- 
51 
51 
- 
# 
# 
HK 
Disposed
Aether Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Agathese Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Aintree Assets Ltd (3) 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
BVI 
Investment holding
Bayfront Development 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Beijing Aether Property 
- 
- 
51 
51 
- 
# 
# 
China 
Disposed 
 
Development Ltd (3)
Beijing Kingsley 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Property 
 
Development Co 
 
Ltd (1a)
Broad Elite Investments 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
BVI 
Investment holding 
 
Ltd (3)
Cesario Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Changzhou Fushi 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Housing 
 
Development 
 
Pte Ltd (1a)
Chengdu Hillstreet 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Development Co 
 
Ltd (1a)
Chengdu Hilltop 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Development Co 
 
Ltd (1a)
Chengdu Shengshi 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Jingwei Real Estate 
 
Co Ltd (1a)
Corredance Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Corson Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Dattson Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
DC REIT Holdings 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
--------------------------------------------------Page 191--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
196   
   
Significant Subsidiaries and Associated Companies
 
 
 
 
Country of
 
Gross 
Effective Equity 
 
Incorporation
 
Interest 
Interest 
Cost of Investment 
/Operation 
Principal Activities
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
Double Peak Holdings 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
BVI 
Investment holding 
 
Ltd (3)
Estella JV Co Ltd (1a) 
98 
98 
98 
98 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property development and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
investment
Eternal Commercial 
100 
100 
- 
- 
# 
- 
- 
HK 
Investment holding 
 
Ltd (n)(1a)
Evergro Properties Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
First King Properties 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Jersey 
Property investment 
 
Ltd (3)
Flemmington 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Investment Pte Ltd
Floraville Estate Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Greenfield Development 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Harbourfront One Pte 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property investment 
 
Ltd
Harvestland 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore  
Property development 
 
Development Pte Ltd
Hillsvale Resort Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore  
Investment holding
Hillwest Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Jencity Ltd (3) 
100 
100 
90 
90 
# 
# 
# 
BVI 
Investment holding
Jiangyin Evergro 
100 
99 
99 
99 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Properties Co Ltd (1a)
Katong Retail Trust (n) 
100 
100 
- 
- 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment trust
KeplandeHub Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Keppel Bay Property 
- 
- 
100 
100 
- 
# 
# 
China 
Disposed 
 
Development 
 
(Shenyang) Co Ltd (3)
Keppel China Marina 
- 
- 
100 
100 
- 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Disposed 
 
Holdings Pte Ltd (3)
Keppel China Township 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property development 
 
Development Pte Ltd
Keppel Digihub 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment, management and 
 
Holdings Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
holding company
Keppel Heights (Wuxi) 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Property 
 
Development Co 
 
Ltd (1a)
Keppel Hong Da 
100 
100 
100 
100+ 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
(Tianjin Eco-City) 
 
Property 
 
Development Co 
 
Ltd (1a)
Keppel Hong Yuan 
100 
100 
100 
100+ 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
(Tianjin Eco-City) 
 
Property 
 
Development Co 
 
Ltd (1a)
Keppel Lakefront (Wuxi) 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Property 
 
Development Co 
 
Ltd (1a)
Keppel Land (Mayfair) 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property development 
 
Pte Ltd
Keppel Land (Saigon 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
HK 
Investment holding 
 
Centre) Ltd (1a)
--------------------------------------------------Page 192--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   197
 
 
 
 
Country of
 
Gross 
Effective Equity 
 
Incorporation
 
Interest 
Interest 
Cost of Investment 
/Operation 
Principal Activities
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
Keppel Land 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
(Singapore) Pte Ltd
Keppel Land Financial 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Financial services 
 
Services Pte Ltd
Keppel Land 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property services 
 
International Ltd
Keppel Land Realty 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore  
Property development 
 
Pte Ltd 
Keppel Land Retail 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Management Pte Ltd
Keppel Land Watco IV 
84 
84 
84 
68 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property development 
 
Co Ltd (1a)
Keppel Land Watco V 
84 
84 
84 
68 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property development 
 
Co Ltd (1a)
Keppel REIT Investment 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Keppel REIT Property 
- 
- 
100 
100 
- 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Disposed 
 
Management Pte 
 
Ltd (3)
Keppel Seasons 
100 
100 
- 
- 
# 
- 
- 
China 
Property development 
 
Residences Property 
 
Development (Wuxi) 
 
Co., Ltd (n)(1a)
Keppel Tianjin Eco-City 
100 
100 
100 
100+ 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Holdings Pte Ltd
Keppel Tianjin Eco-City 
100 
100 
100 
100+ 
# 
# 
126,137 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Investments Pte Ltd
Keppel Township 
- 
- 
100 
100 
- 
# 
# 
China 
Disposed 
 
Development 
 
(Shenyang) Co Ltd (3)
Keppel Yongxiang 
100 
100 
- 
- 
# 
- 
- 
China 
Property services 
 
Corporate 
 
Management 
 
(Shanghai) Company 
 
Ltd (n)(1a)
Kingsdale Development 
86 
86 
86 
86 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Kingsley Investment 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Krystal Investments 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Joysville Investment 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore  
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd 
Main Full Ltd (1a) 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
HK 
Investment holding
Mansfield 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property development 
 
Developments 
 
Pte Ltd
Meadowsville 
- 
- 
100 
100 
- 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Dissolved 
 
Investment Pte Ltd (3)
Merryfield Investment 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Ocean & Capital 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Properties Pte Ltd
Oceansky Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
OIL (Asia) Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Parksville Development 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property development 
 
Pte Ltd
--------------------------------------------------Page 193--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
198   
   
Significant Subsidiaries and Associated Companies
 
 
 
 
Country of
 
Gross 
Effective Equity 
 
Incorporation
 
Interest 
Interest 
Cost of Investment 
/Operation 
Principal Activities
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
Pasir Panjang Realty 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Pembury Properties 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
BVI 
Investment holding 
 
Ltd (3)
Pisamir Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
- 
# 
# 
- 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Portsville Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Pre-1 Investments Pte 
100 
100 
- 
- 
# 
- 
- 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Ltd (n)
PT Harapan Global 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Indonesia 
Property development 
 
Niaga (1a)
PT Kepland 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Indonesia 
Property investment 
 
Investama (1a)
PT Puri Land 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Indonesia 
Property development 
 
Development (1a)
PT Ria Bintan (1a) 
100 
46 
46 
46 
# 
# 
# 
Indonesia  
Golf course ownership and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
operations
PT Straits-CM Village (1a) 
100 
39 
39 
39 
# 
# 
# 
Indonesia 
Hotel ownership and operations
PT Sukses Manis 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Indonesia 
Property development 
 
Indonesia (1a)
PT Sukses Manis 
100 
100 
100 
- 
# 
# 
- 
Indonesia 
Property development 
 
Tangguh (1a)
Riviera Cove LLC (1a) 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property development
Riviera Point LLC (1a) 
75 
75 
75 
75 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property development
Saigon Centre 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
BVI 
Investment holding 
 
Investment Ltd (3)
Saigon Sports City 
100 
100 
90 
90 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property development 
 
Ltd (1a)
Shanghai Floraville 
99 
99 
99 
99 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property investment 
 
Land Co Ltd (1a)
Shanghai Hongda 
100 
99 
99 
99 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Property 
 
Development Co 
 
Ltd (1a)
Shanghai Ji Lu Land 
100 
99 
99 
99 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development and 
 
Co Ltd (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
investment
Shanghai Ji Xiang Land 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Co Ltd (1a)
Shanghai Jinju Real 
100 
99 
99 
99 
# 
# 
# 
China  
Property development 
 
Estate Development 
 
Co Ltd (1a)
Shanghai Maowei 
100 
99 
99 
99 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Investment holding 
 
Investment 
 
Consulting Co Ltd (1a)
Shanghai Merryfield 
99 
99 
99 
99 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Land Co Ltd (1a)
Shanghai Pasir Panjang 
99 
99 
99 
99 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Land Co Ltd (1a)
Sherwood Development 
70 
70 
70 
70 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property development 
 
Pte Ltd
Spring City Golf & Lake 
80 
69 
69 
69 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Golf club operations and 
 
Resort Co Ltd (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
development and property  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
development
Spring City Resort 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
--------------------------------------------------Page 194--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   199
 
 
 
 
Country of
 
Gross 
Effective Equity 
 
Incorporation
 
Interest 
Interest 
Cost of Investment 
/Operation 
Principal Activities
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
Straits Greenfield Ltd (2) 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Myanmar 
Hotel ownership and operations
Straits Properties Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property development
Straits Property 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Investments Pte Ltd
Sunsea Yacht Club 
- 
- 
80 
80 
- 
# 
# 
China 
Disposed 
 
(Zhongshan) Co 
 
Ltd (3)
Sunseacan Investment 
- 
- 
80 
80 
- 
# 
# 
HK 
Disposed 
 
(HK) Co Ltd (3)
Third Dragon 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Development Pte Ltd
Tianjin Fulong Property 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Development Co 
 
Ltd (1a)
Tianjin Fushi Property 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Development Co 
 
Ltd (1a)
Tianjin Keppel Hong 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Trading of construction materials 
 
Hui Procurement 
 
Headquarter Co 
 
Ltd (1a)
Triumph Jubilee Ltd (3) 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
BVI 
Investment holding
West Gem Properties 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Jersey 
Investment holding 
 
Ltd (3)
Atlantic Marina 
100+ 
100+ 
100+ 
100+ 
1,460 
1,460 
1,460 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Services 
 
(Asia-Pacific) 
 
Pte Ltd
FELS Property Holdings 
100 
100 
100 
100 
29,814 
29,814 
78,214 
Singapore  
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
FELS SES International 
98+ 
98+ 
98+ 
98+ 
48 
48 
48 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Keppel Houston Group 
100+ 
100+ 
100+ 
100+ 
# 
# 
# 
USA 
Property investment 
 
LLC (3)
Keppel Kunming Resort 
100+ 
98+ 
98+ 
98+ 
4 
4 
4 
HK 
Property investment 
 
Ltd (1a)
Keppel Point Pte Ltd 
100+ 
100+ 
100+ 
100+ 
122,785 
122,785 
122,785 
Singapore  
Property development and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
investment
Petro Tower Ltd (1a) 
76 
74 
74 
74 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property investment
Associated Companies
Bellenden Investments 
67 
67 
67 
67 
# 
# 
# 
BVI 
Investment holding 
 
Ltd (3)
Chengdu Taixin Real 
35 
35 
35 
35 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property investment 
 
Estate Development 
 
Co Ltd (2)
CityOne Township 
50 
50 
50 
50 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Development Pte 
 
Ltd (2)
City Square Office Co 
40 
40 
40 
40 
# 
# 
# 
Myanmar 
Property development 
 
Ltd (2)
Davinelle Ltd (3) 
67 
67 
67 
67 
# 
# 
# 
BVI 
Investment holding
Dong Nai Waterfront 
50 
50 
50 
50 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property development 
 
City LLC (1a)
Empire City Limited 
40 
40 
40 
40 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property development 
 
LLC (2)
--------------------------------------------------Page 195--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
200   
   
Significant Subsidiaries and Associated Companies
 
 
 
 
Country of
 
Gross 
Effective Equity 
 
Incorporation
 
Interest 
Interest 
Cost of Investment 
/Operation 
Principal Activities
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
EM Services Pte Ltd 
25 
25 
25 
25 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property management
Equity Rainbow II Pte 
43 
43 
43 
43 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property investment 
 
Ltd (2)
Garden Development 
60 
60 
60 
- 
# 
# 
- 
Singapore 
Property development 
 
Pte Ltd
Keppel Land Watco I 
61 
61 
61 
45 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property investment and 
 
Co Ltd (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
development
Keppel Land Watco II 
61 
61 
61 
45 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property investment and 
 
Co Ltd (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
development
Keppel Land Watco III 
61 
61 
61 
45 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property investment and 
 
Co Ltd (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
development
Keppel REIT 
47 
47 
46 
46 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore  
Real estate investment trust
Marina Bay Suites Pte 
- 
- 
33 
33 
- 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Liquidated 
 
Ltd (3)
Nam Long Investment 
10 
10 
5 
5 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Trading of development properties 
 
Corporation (2)
PT Pulomas Gemala 
25 
25 
25 
25 
# 
# 
# 
Indonesia 
Property development 
 
Misori (2)
Raffles Quay Asset 
33 
33 
33 
33 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property management 
 
Management Pte 
 
Ltd (2)
Renown Property 
40 
40 
40 
40 
# 
# 
# 
Malaysia 
Property investment 
 
Holdings (M) Sdn 
 
Bhd (1a)
Quoc Loc Phat Joint 
- 
- 
45 
45 
- 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Disposed 
 
Stock Company (3)
South Rach Chiec 
42 
42 
42 
42 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property development 
 
LLC (1a)
Suzhou Property 
25 
25 
25 
25 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Property development 
 
Development Pte Ltd
Vietcombank 
30 
30 
30 
30 
# 
# 
# 
Vietnam 
Property investment 
 
Tower 198 Ltd (2)
Vision (III) Pte Ltd (2) 
30 
30 
30 
- 
# 
# 
- 
Singapore 
Investment holding
INFRASTRUCTURE
Subsidiaries
Keppel Infrastructure 
100 
100 
100 
100 
445,892 
445,892 
445,892 
Singapore  
Investment holding 
 
Holdings Pte Ltd
Energy Infrastructure
Subsidiaries
Keppel Energy Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Keppel Electric Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Electricity, energy and power supply  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and general wholesale trade
Keppel Gas Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Purchase and sale of gaseous fuels
Keppel DHCS Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Development of district heating and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
cooling system for the purpose of  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
air cooling and other utility services
--------------------------------------------------Page 196--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   201
 
 
 
 
Country of
 
Gross 
Effective Equity 
 
Incorporation
 
Interest 
Interest 
Cost of Investment 
/Operation 
Principal Activities
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
Associated Companies
Keppel Merlimau 
49 
49 
49 
49 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore  
Commercial power generation 
 
Cogen Pte Ltd (2)
Environmental Infrastructure
Subsidiaries
Keppel Seghers Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Provision of environmental,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
technologies, engineering works &  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
construction activities
Keppel Seghers 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Netherlands 
Investment holding 
 
Holdings BV (1a)
Keppel Seghers 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Belgium 
Provider of services and solutions to 
 
Belgium NV (1a) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the environmental industry related  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
to solid waste treatment
Marina East Water Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
- 
# 
# 
- 
Singapore 
Design and construction of  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
desalination plant
Associated Companies
Tianjin Eco-City Energy 
20 
20 
20 
20 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Investment and implementation of 
 
Investment & 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
energy and utilities related 
 
Construction Co 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
infrastructure 
 
Ltd (2)
Tianjin Eco-City 
20 
20 
20 
20 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Investment, construction and 
 
Environmental 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
operation of infrastructure for 
 
Protection Co Ltd (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
environmental protection
Infrastructure Services
Subsidiaries
Keppel Infrastructure 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Provision of technical support 
 
Services Pte Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
including engineering, construction,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
operations and maintenance of  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
plants and facilities
KMC O&M Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Engineering works, construction and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
O&M of plants and facilities
Keppel Seghers 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Engineering works, construction and 
 
Engineering 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
O&M of plants and facilities 
 
Singapore Pte Ltd
Investments
Subsidiaries
Keppel Integrated 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Engineering Ltd
Keppel Prince 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Australia 
Metal fabrication 
 
Engineering Pty 
 
Ltd (1a)
Keppel XTE 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Investments Pte Ltd
Associated Companies
Keppel Infrastructure 
18 
18 
18 
18 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Public trust 
 
Trust (2)
--------------------------------------------------Page 197--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
202   
   
 
 
 
 
Country of
 
Gross 
Effective Equity 
 
Incorporation
 
Interest 
Interest 
Cost of Investment 
/Operation 
Principal Activities
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
Logistics & Data Centres
Subsidiaries
Keppel 
79 
79 
79 
80 
397,647 
397,647 
397,647 
Singapore 
Investment, management and 
 
Telecommunications 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
holding company 
 
& Transportation Ltd
Keppel Logistics Pte 
100 
79 
79 
80 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Integrated logistics services and 
 
Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
supply chain solutions
Keppel Logistics 
70 
55 
55 
56 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Integrated logistics port operations, 
 
(Foshan) Ltd (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
warehousing and distribution
Keppel Logistics 
60 
33 
33 
33 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Integrated logistics port operations 
 
(Foshan Sanshui 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and warehousing 
 
Port) Co Ltd (2)
Jilin Sino-Singapore 
70 
55 
55 
56 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Integrated logistics services, 
 
Food Zone 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
warehousing and distribution 
 
International 
 
Logistics Co Ltd (2) 
Keppel Wanjiang 
60 
47 
47 
48 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Integrated logistics services, food 
 
International 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
trading hub, warehousing and 
 
Coldchain Logistics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
distribution 
 
Park (Anhui) Co 
 
Ltd (2)
UrbanFox Pte Ltd (2) 
85 
67 
47 
48 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Omnichannel logistics and channel 
 
(fka Courex Pte Ltd) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
management solutions provider
Keppel Data Centres 
100 
79 
79 
80 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Keppel Data Centres 
100+ 
85+ 
85+ 
86+ 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding and 
 
Holding Pte Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
management services
Keppel DC Singapore 1 
100+ 
85+ 
85+ 
86+ 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Data centre facilities management 
 
Ltd 
Keppel DC Singapore 2 
100+ 
85+ 
85+ 
86+ 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Data centre facilities management 
 
Pte Ltd
Keppel DC Investment 
100 
79 
79 
80 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Holdings Pte Ltd
Keppel Communications 
100 
79 
79 
80 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Trading and provision of 
 
Pte Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
communications systems and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
accessories
Keppel Telecoms Pte 
100 
79 
79 
80 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Ltd
Associated Companies
Asia Airfreight Terminal 
- 
- 
8 
8 
- 
# 
# 
HK 
Disposed 
 
Company Ltd (3)
Computer Generated 
21 
17 
17 
17 
# 
# 
# 
USA 
IT consulting and outsourcing 
 
Solutions Inc (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
provider
Keppel DC REIT (2) 
25+ 
20+ 
29+ 
29+ 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Data centre facilities and colocation  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
services
Nautilus Data 
21 
17 
17 
- 
# 
# 
- 
USA 
Water-cooled data centre leasing, 
 
Technologies, Inc. (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
colocation and interconnection  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
services
Radiance 
50 
40 
40 
40 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Distribution and maintenance of 
 
Communications 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
communications equipment and 
 
Pte Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
systems
SVOA Public Company 
32 
25 
25 
25 
# 
# 
# 
Thailand 
Distribution of IT products and 
 
Ltd (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
telecommunications services
Wuhu Sanshan Port Co 
50 
40 
40 
40 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Integrated logistics services and 
 
Ltd (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
port operations
Significant Subsidiaries and Associated Companies
--------------------------------------------------Page 198--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   203
 
 
 
 
Country of
 
Gross 
Effective Equity 
 
Incorporation
 
Interest 
Interest 
Cost of Investment 
/Operation 
Principal Activities
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
INVESTMENTS
Subsidiaries
Keppel Capital Holdings 
100 
100 
100 
100 
783,000 
783,000 
783,000 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Keppel Capital 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Investment Holdings 
 
Pte Ltd
Alpha Investment 
100  
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Fund management 
 
Partners Ltd
Keppel DC REIT 
100+ 
90+ 
90+ 
90+ 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Real estate investment trust 
 
Management Pte Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
management and investment  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
holding
Keppel Infrastructure 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Trust management 
 
Fund Management 
 
Pte Ltd
Keppel REIT 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment advisory and property 
 
Management Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
fund management
Keppel Philippines 
82+ 
81+ 
81+ 
81+ 
# 
# 
# 
Philippines 
Investment holding 
 
Holdings Inc (1a)
Alpha Real Estate 
99 
99 
99 
99 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Securities Fund
Kephinance Investment 
100 
100 
100 
100 
90,000 
90,000 
90,000 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Kepinvest Holdings 
100  
100 
- 
- 
10 
- 
- 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd (n)
Kepinvest Singapore 
100 
100 
100 
100 
18,425 
18,425 
18,425 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Pte Ltd
Kepital Management 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
HK 
Investment company 
 
Ltd (1a)
Keppel Group Eco-City 
100+ 
100+ 
100+ 
100+ 
126,744 
126,744 
126,744 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Investments Pte Ltd
Keppel Funds 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment company 
 
Investment Pte Ltd
Keppel GMTN Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
10 
10 
10 
Singapore 
Investment holding
Keppel Investment Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment company
Keppel Oil & Gas Pte 
100 
100 
100 
100 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Ltd
Kepventure Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
594,922 
594,922 
594,922 
Singapore 
Investment holding
KI Investments (HK) 
- 
- 
100 
100 
- 
# 
# 
HK 
Liquidated 
 
Ltd (3)
Primero Investments 
- 
- 
100 
100 
- 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Liquidated 
 
Pte Ltd (3)
Singapore Tianjin 
90+ 
90+ 
90+ 
90+ 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding 
 
Eco-City Investment 
 
Holdings Pte Ltd
Substantial Enterprises 
100+ 
100+ 
100+ 
100+ 
# 
# 
# 
BVI 
Investment holding 
 
Ltd (3)
Travelmore Pte Ltd 
100 
100 
100 
100 
265 
265 
265 
Singapore 
Travel agency
Associated Companies
k1 Ventures Ltd (2) 
36 
36 
36 
36 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Investment holding (under  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
liquidation)
Keppel-KBS US REIT (2) 
8 
7 
7 
- 
# 
# 
- 
Singapore 
Real estate investment trust
--------------------------------------------------Page 199--------------------------------------------------

Financial Report
204   
   
 
 
 
 
Country of
 
Gross 
Effective Equity 
 
Incorporation
 
Interest 
Interest 
Cost of Investment 
/Operation 
Principal Activities
 
31 December 
1 January 
31 December 
1 January
 
 
2018 
2018 
2017 
2017 
2018 
2017 
2017
 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
KrisEnergy Ltd (2) 
40 
40 
40 
40 
# 
# 
# 
Cayman 
Exploration for, and the 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Islands 
development and production of oil  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and gas
M1 Ltd (2) 
19 
15 
15 
15 
# 
# 
# 
Singapore 
Telecommunications services
Sino-Singapore Tianjin 
50 
45 
45 
45 
# 
# 
# 
China 
Property development 
 
Eco-City Investment 
 
and Development 
 
Co., Ltd (2)
Total subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
8,209,626 
8,209,616 
8,307,153
Notes:
(i) 
All the companies are audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Singapore except for the following:
 
(1a) 
Audited by overseas practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP;
 
(2) 
Audited by other firms of auditors; and
 
(3) 
Not required to be audited by law in the country of incorporation and companies disposed, liquidated and struck off.
 
In accordance to Rule 716 of The Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited – Listing Rules, the Audit Committee and Board of Directors of the Company confirmed 
that they are satisfied that the appointment of different auditors for its subsidiaries and significant associated companies would not compromise the standard and 
effectiveness of the audit of the Company.
(ii) 
+ The shareholdings of these companies are held jointly with other subsidiaries.
(iii) # The shareholdings of these companies are held by subsidiaries of Keppel Corporation Limited.
(iv) (n) These companies were incorporated/acquired during the financial year.
(v) 
The subsidiaries’ place of business is the same as its country of incorporation, unless otherwise specified.
(vii) Abbreviations:
 
British Virgin Islands (BVI) 
United Arab Emirates (UAE)
 
Hong Kong (HK) 
United States of America (USA)
(viii) The Company has 260 significant subsidiaries and associated companies as at 31 December 2018. Subsidiaries and associated companies are considered as significant 
(a) in accordance to Rule 718 of The Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited – Listing Rules, or (b) by reference to the significance of their economic activities.
Significant Subsidiaries and Associated Companies
--------------------------------------------------Page 200--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   205
Interested Person Transactions
The Group has obtained a general mandate from shareholders of the Company for interested person transactions in the Annual General 
Meeting held on 20 April 2018. During the financial year, the following interested person transactions were entered into by the Group:
 
 
Aggregate value of all 
 
 
interested person 
Aggregate value of all
 
 
transactions during 
interested person
 
 
the financial year 
transactions conducted
 
 
under review (excluding 
under a shareholders’
 
 
transactions less than 
mandate pursuant
 
 
$100,000 and transactions 
to Rule 920 of the
 
 
conducted under 
SGX Listing Manual
 
 
shareholders’ mandate 
(excluding transactions
Name of Interested Person 
pursuant to Rule 920) 
less than $100,000)
 
2018 
2017 
2018 
2017
 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000 
$’000
Transaction for the Sale of Goods and Services
CapitaLand Group 
– 
– 
– 
174,000
PSA International Group 
– 
– 
208 
8,077
SATS Group 
– 
– 
– 
24,400
SembCorp Marine Group 
– 
– 
2,202 
1,783
Singapore Power Group 
– 
– 
923 
2,657
Singapore Technologies Engineering Group 
– 
– 
1,272 
189
Temasek Holdings Group 
– 
– 
– 
338
Transaction for the Purchase of Goods and Services
CapitaMalls Asia Group 
– 
– 
– 
254
Certis CISCO Security Group 
– 
– 
549 
718
Mapletree Investments Group 
– 
– 
773 
1,020
Pavilion Gas Pte Ltd 
– 
– 
52,000 
51,000
PSA International Group 
– 
– 
501 
305
Singapore Power Group 
– 
– 
43 
353
Singapore Technologies Engineering Group 
– 
– 
350 
3,289
Singapore Telecommunications Group 
– 
– 
6,772 
441
SMRT Corporation Group 
– 
– 
209 
–
Temasek Holdings Group 
– 
– 
436 
546
 
 
 
 
Total Interested Person Transactions 
– 
– 
66,238 
269,370
Save for the interested person transactions disclosed above, there were no other material contracts entered into by the Company and its 
subsidiaries involving the interests of its chief executive officer, directors or controlling shareholders, which are either still subsisting at the end 
of the financial year or, if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of the previous financial year.
--------------------------------------------------Page 201--------------------------------------------------

Other Information
206   
   
Chan Hon Chew, 53
Bachelor of Accountancy (Honours), National University of Singapore; CFA® charterholder; Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
Australia and Fellow Member of the Institute of the Singapore Chartered Accountants.
Mr Chan is the Chief Financial Officer of Keppel Corporation Limited, appointed with effect from 1 February 2014.
Prior to joining Keppel Corporation, Mr Chan was with Singapore Airlines Limited (SIA) and served as Senior Vice President (SVP) of Finance 
since June 2006. As SVP of Finance, Mr Chan was responsible for a diverse range of functions including investor relations, corporate accounting 
and reporting, treasury, risk management and insurance. He was also involved in SIA’s strategic planning process and had represented SIA as 
Director on the Boards of various companies including Tiger Airways and Virgin Atlantic Airways Limited.
Prior to joining SIA, Mr Chan was Assistant General Manager for Finance and Corporate Services at Wing Tai Holdings Limited, where he 
oversaw all financial matters as well as tax, legal and corporate secretarial functions from 1998 to 2003.
Mr Chan was appointed by Singapore’s Ministry of Finance to the Board of the Accounting Standard Council in November 2015. He also serves 
on the management board of the Institute of System Science, National University of Singapore since 15 April 2015.
Mr Chan’s principal directorships include Keppel Offshore & Marine Ltd, Keppel Land Limited, Keppel Infrastructure Holdings Pte Ltd, Keppel 
Telecommunications & Transportation Ltd, and Keppel Capital Holdings Pte Ltd. 
Past principal directorships in the last five years
KrisEnergy Ltd and Keppel DC REIT Management Pte Ltd (the Manager of Keppel DC REIT). 
Ong Tiong Guan, 60
Bachelor of Engineering (First Class Honours), Monash University, Australia; Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) under Monash Graduate Scholarship, 
Monash University, Australia.
Dr Ong was appointed Executive Director of Keppel Energy Pte Ltd from November 1999. He became Managing Director of Keppel Energy Pte 
Ltd with effect from 1 May 2003 and was appointed Deputy Chairman of Keppel Integrated Engineering Ltd in April 2013.
Upon reorganisation of Keppel Energy Pte Ltd and Keppel Integrated Engineering Ltd under Keppel Infrastructure Holdings Pte Ltd in May 
2013, Dr Ong was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Keppel Infrastructure Holdings Pte Ltd, responsible for the Keppel Group’s energy and 
environmental infrastructure businesses.
Dr Ong’s career spans across the energy industry from engineering and contracting to investment and ownership of energy assets.
His principal directorships include Keppel Infrastructure Holdings Pte Ltd, Keppel Energy Pte Ltd, Keppel Electric Pte Ltd, Keppel Gas Pte Ltd, 
Keppel DHCS Pte Ltd, Keppel Infrastructure Services Pte Ltd, Keppel Seghers Pte Ltd and Keppel Capital Holdings Pte Ltd.
Past principal directorships in the last five years
Keppel Merlimau Cogen Pte Ltd, GE Keppel Energy Services Pte Ltd, Keppel Infrastructure Fund Management Pte Ltd (the Trustee-Manager of 
Keppel Infrastructure Trust) and Energy Studies Institute.
Christina Tan Hua Mui, 53
Bachelor of Accountancy (Honours), National University of Singapore; CFA® charterholder.
Ms Tan is the Chief Executive Officer of Keppel Capital Holdings Pte Ltd (Keppel Capital), Chairman of Keppel DC REIT Management Pte Ltd (the 
Manager of Keppel DC REIT) and Deputy Chairman of Alpha Investment Partners Limited (Alpha).
Ms Tan has more than 20 years of experience and expertise in investing and fund management across the United States, Europe and Asia. 
She previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of GRA (Singapore) Private Limited, the Asian real estate fund management arm of the 
Prudential Insurance Company of America, managing more than US$1 billion in real estate funds. Prior to that, she was the Treasury Manager 
with Chartered Industries of Singapore, managing the group’s cash positions and investments. Ms Tan started her career with Ernst & Young 
before joining the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation (GIC). 
Ms Tan’s principal directorships include Keppel Capital, as well as the listed REITs and Business Trust – Keppel REIT Management Limited, 
Keppel DC REIT Management Pte Ltd and Keppel Infrastructure Fund Management Pte Ltd, and the private funds. She also sits on the 
Investment Committee for the private funds, and is instrumental in developing and implementing the funds’ portfolio strategy. 
Past principal directorships in the last five years
Nil.
Key Executives
--------------------------------------------------Page 202--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   207
Chris Ong Leng Yeow, 44
Bachelor and Master Degree in Electrical and Electronics Engineering, National University of Singapore. 
Mr. Chris Ong is the Chief Executive Officer of Keppel Offshore & Marine Ltd (Keppel O&M) with effect from 1 July 2017. Prior to this 
appointment, he was Acting Chief Executive Officer of Keppel O&M. Mr. Ong’s career began in Keppel FELS since 1999 as a Commissioning 
Superintendent (E&I) and he has held appointments as Project Engineer, Section Manager, Deputy Engineering Manager, Assistant General 
Manager (Engineering), General Manager (Engineering), Acting Executive Director (Operation), Executive Director (Commercial) and Managing 
Director of Keppel FELS Limited.
In addition to his current appointment, Mr Ong is also a board member of the Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore and The Institute of 
Technical Education Board of Governors (BOG), a member of the Workplace Safety & Health Council Marine Industries Committee, U EnTech 
Steering Committee, Keppel Chair Professor Management/Selection Committee and the  Governance Board of Keppel-NUS Corporate 
Laboratory. 
Mr. Ong is a Chartered Engineer, a Fellow of the Institute of Marine Engineering, Science and Technology and a member of the American Bureau 
of Shipping, DNV GL South East Asia and Pacific Committee as well as Bureau Veritas Asia-Australia Committee.
Mr. Ong is the Chairman of Floatel International Ltd, Keppel Nantong Heavy Industry Co. Ltd, Keppel Nantong Shipyard Ltd and Keppel FELS 
Brasil S.A.  He is also director of various subsidiaries or associated companies of Keppel O&M.
Mr. Ong is also a non-executive director of KrisEnergy Ltd. 
Past principal directorships in the last five years
Various subsidiaries and associated companies of Keppel O&M.
Tan Swee Yiow, 58
Bachelor of Science (First Class Honours) in Estate Management, National University of Singapore; Master of Business Administration in 
Accountancy, Nanyang Technological University.
Mr Tan has been appointed the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Keppel Land with effect from 1 January 2019.
Mr Tan joined the Keppel Group in 1990. Prior to his current appointment, Mr Tan was the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of 
Keppel REIT Management Limited (the Manager of Keppel REIT). Before this, he was President, Singapore, at Keppel Land and concurrently 
Head, Keppel Land Hospitality Management.
Mr Tan continues to serve on the Board of Keppel REIT Management Limited as a Non-Executive Director. He is also President of the Singapore 
Green Building Council and a Director of the World Green Building Council. Mr Tan serves as Deputy Chairman of the Workplace Safety and 
Health Council (Construction and Landscape Committee) and is second Vice-President on the Management Council of Real Estate Developers’ 
Association of Singapore.
Past principal directorships in the last five years
Nil.
Thomas Pang Thieng Hwi, 54
Bachelor of Arts (Engineering) and Master of Arts (Honorary Award), University of Cambridge.
Mr Pang is currently Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation Ltd (Keppel T&T), a position 
he held since July 2014. From June 2010 to June 2014, he was Chief Executive Officer of Keppel Infrastructure Fund Management Pte Ltd, the 
Trustee-Manager of Keppel Infrastructure Trust (KIT).
Mr Pang joined Keppel Offshore & Marine Ltd (Keppel O&M) in 2002 as a Senior Manager (Merger Integration Office) to assist in the merger 
and integration of Keppel FELS Limited and Keppel Shipyard Limited. He was promoted to General Manager (Corporate Development) in 
2007 and oversaw the investment, mergers and acquisitions, as well as strategic planning of Keppel O&M. Prior to that, Mr Pang was an 
Investment Manager with Vertex Management (United Kingdom) from 1998 to 2001. Mr Pang was also the Vice President (Central USA) of the 
Singapore Tourism Board from 1995 to 1998, as well as the Assistant Head (Services Group, Enterprise Development Division) at the Economic 
Development Board of Singapore from 1988 to 1995.
Mr Pang currently holds directorships in several of Keppel T&T’s subsidiaries, associates and joint venture companies. He is also a Director of 
ADCF C Private Limited, Keppel Capital Holdings Pte Ltd, Keppel DC REIT Management Pte Ltd (the Manager of Keppel DC REIT) and Keppel 
Technology and Innovation Pte Ltd.
Past principal directorships in the last five years
Various subsidiaries and associated companies of Keppel T&T, KDC REIT and KIT.
--------------------------------------------------Page 203--------------------------------------------------

Other Information
208   
   
Paul Tham Wei Hsing, 37
Bachelor of Science in Civil & Environmental Engineering, Cornell University; Masters in Business Administration, Singapore Management 
University.
Mr Tham was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of Keppel REIT Management Limited (the Manager of Keppel REIT) with effect from 1 
January 2019, after having served as its Deputy Chief Executive Officer since 1 February 2018.
Before his current appointment, Mr Tham was the Chief Financial Officer of Keppel Capital Holdings Pte Ltd (Keppel Capital), the asset 
management arm of Keppel Corporation Limited, overseeing the finance, compliance, legal and investor relations functions. Prior to that, Mr 
Tham was part of Keppel Corporation’s Group Strategy & Development department, where he played a key role in the formation of Keppel 
Capital.
Before Keppel, Mr Tham served as a management consultant for Bain & Company working with leading global companies in Asia Pacific across 
a range of topics including financial performance management and growth strategy. Mr Tham started his career as a structural engineer in New 
York and has experience with building developments and infrastructure. 
Mr Tham is also a Director of Keppel-KBS US REIT Management Pte. Ltd. (the Manager of Keppel-KBS US REIT).
Past principal directorships in the last five years
Nil.
Matthew R. Pollard, 51
Bachelors of Arts Degree, Columbia University; Masters in Business Administration, University of Chicago.
Mr Pollard was appointed Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Keppel Infrastructure Fund Management Pte Ltd, the Trustee-Manager of Keppel 
Infrastructure Trust (KIT), with effect from 1 July 2018. 
As CEO of the Trustee-Manager, Mr Pollard is responsible for working with the Board to determine the strategy for KIT. He works with other 
members of the Trustee-Manager’s management team to execute the stated strategy of the Trustee-Manager.
Mr Pollard joined Keppel Capital Holdings Pte Ltd (Keppel Capital) as Managing Director, Infrastructure, in November 2017.
Prior to joining Keppel Capital, Mr Pollard spent more than 28 years of his career in investment banking, direct investment and entrepreneurship, 
of which 25 years have been in Asia. He has been involved in the energy, power, renewable and infrastructure sectors his entire career.
Mr Pollard was founder and managing director of Capital Partners Group, Singapore, from 2014 to 2017. He was Head of Infrastructure (Asia) at 
Arcapita Group from 2008 to 2013. In addition, he was the Chairman of China-based Honiton Energy Group from 2009 to 2015. Prior to joining 
Arcapita Bank, Mr Pollard held senior positions in the energy and utilities teams of Citigroup, Dresdner Kleinwort, Enron Corp, and Power Pacific 
Co.
Past principal directorships in the last five years
Nil.
Chua Hsien Yang, 41
Bachelor of Engineering (Civil), University of Canterbury; Master of Business Administration, University of Western Australia.
Mr Chua is the Chief Executive Officer of Keppel DC REIT Management Pte Ltd (the Manager of Keppel DC REIT). Mr Chua has extensive 
experience in real estate funds management and the hospitality industries, with more than 17 years of experience in mergers and acquisitions, 
real estate investments, fund management, business development and asset management in the real estate sector within the Asia-Pacific 
region. 
Prior to joining the Manager of Keppel DC REIT, Mr Chua held the position of Senior Vice President of Keppel REIT Management Limited (the 
Manager of Keppel REIT) since May 2008, where he headed the investment team. 
From January 2006 to April 2008, Mr Chua was with Ascott Residence Trust Management Limited (the Manager of Ascott Residence Trust) 
as Director of Business Development and Asset Management. From October 2001 to December 2005, Mr Chua was with Hotel Plaza Limited 
(now known as Pan Pacific Hotels Group Limited) as Assistant Vice President of Asset Management. He was responsible for the business 
development and asset management activities of the group-owned properties.
Past principal directorships in the last five years
Mirvac 8 Chifley Pty Limited and Mirvac (Old Treasury) Pty Limited.
Key Executives
--------------------------------------------------Page 204--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   209
David Eric Snyder, 48
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Biola University, California.
Mr Snyder is the Chief Executive Officer/Chief Investment Officer of Keppel-KBS US REIT Management Pte Ltd (the Manager of Keppel-KBS US 
REIT).
Prior to this, Mr Snyder was a consultant to KBS where he oversaw overall management of the AFRT portfolio and assisted in formulating the 
operational strategy and tactics for the portfolio. From 2008 to 2015, Mr Snyder was the Chief Financial Officer at KBS where he managed and 
advised five non-traded REITs. In addition, he oversaw, directed and participated in all aspects of investor relations, finance, financial reporting, 
accounting and financial planning, including the negotiation and management of a portfolio transfer of over 800 properties with a value of over 
US$1.7 billion.
Mr Snyder started out as a Senior Accountant with Arthur Andersen LLP in 1993 where he was responsible for the design, testing and 
supervision of the financial statements of various public and private enterprises. From 1996 to 1997, Mr Snyder joined Regency Health 
Services as its Director of Financial Reporting. Subsequently, from 1998 to 2008, he was with Nationwide Health Properties, starting out as a 
Financial Controller before rising to become Vice President & Financial Controller in 2005. Mr Snyder was one of four members on the senior 
management team which determined the corporate strategy and financial decisions of the firm.
Past principal directorships in the last five years
Nil.
--------------------------------------------------Page 205--------------------------------------------------

Other Information
210   
   
Major Properties
 
Effective 
 
Description and
 
Group 
 
Approximate
Held By 
Interest 
Location 
Land Area 
Tenure 
Usage
Completed properties
Keppel REIT  
47% 
Bugis Junction 
15-storey office tower 
99 years leasehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
Towers 
 
 
rentable area of 23,119 sqm 
 
 
Victoria Street, 
 
 
Singapore
 
 
Ocean Financial 
Land area: 6,221 sqm 
999 years leasehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
Centre 
43-storey office tower 
 
rentable area of 81,509 sqm 
 
 
Collyer Quay, 
with ancillary retail space 
 
 
Singapore
 
 
One Raffles Quay, 
Land area: 15,497 sqm 
99 years leasehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
Singapore 
Two office towers of 
 
rentable area of 123,349 sqm 
 
 
 
50-storey and 29-storey
 
 
Marina Bay 
Land area: 32,978 sqm 
99 years leasehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
Financial Centre 
Two office towers of 
 
rentable area of 161,348 sqm 
 
 
(Phase 1) 
33-storey and 50-storey 
 
 
Marina Boulevard, 
with ancillary retail space 
 
 
Singapore
 
 
Marina Bay 
Land area: 9,710 sqm 
99 years leasehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
Financial Centre 
46-storey office tower 
 
rentable area of 124,472 sqm 
 
 
(Phase 2) 
with retail podium 
 
 
Marina Boulevard, 
 
 
Singapore
 
 
275 George Street 
Land area: 3,655 sqm 
Freehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
Brisbane, 
31-storey office tower 
 
rentable area of 41,749 sqm 
 
 
Australia
 
 
8 Exhibition Street 
Land area: 4,329 sqm 
Freehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
Melbourne, 
35-storey office tower 
 
rentable area of 45,227 sqm 
 
 
Australia 
with ancillary retail space
 
 
8 Chifley Square 
Land area: 1,581 sqm 
99 years leasehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
Sydney, 
30-storey office tower 
 
rentable area of 19,337 sqm 
 
 
Australia
 
 
David Malcolm 
Land area: 2,947 sqm 
99 years leasehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
Justice Centre 
33-storey office tower 
 
rentable area of 31,175 sqm 
 
 
Perth, 
 
 
Australia
Keppel DC REIT 
25% 
Keppel DC 
Land area: 7,333 sqm 
30 years lease with 
Data centre with rentable area of 
 
 
Singapore 1 
6-storey data centre 
option for another 
10,193 sqm 
 
 
Serangoon, 
 
30 years 
 
 
Singapore
 
 
Keppel DC 
Land area: 5,000 sqm 
30 years lease with 
Data centre with rentable area of 
 
 
Singapore 2 
5-storey data centre 
option for another 
3,447 sqm 
 
 
Tampines, 
 
30 years 
 
 
Singapore
 
 
Keppel DC 
Land area: 5,000 sqm 
30 years lease with 
Data centre with rentable area of 
 
 
Singapore 3 
5-storey data centre 
option for another 
5,103 sqm 
 
 
Tampines, 
 
30 years 
 
 
Singapore
 
 
Keppel DC 
Land area: 7,742 sqm 
23 years lease 
Data centre with rentable area of 
 
 
Singapore 5 
5-storey data centre 
 
9,176 sqm 
 
 
Jurong, 
 
 
Singapore
 
 
Gore Hill Data 
Land area: 6,692 sqm 
Freehold 
Data centre with rentable area of 
 
 
Centre 
4-storey data centre 
 
8,450 sqm 
 
 
Sydney, 
 
 
Australia
 
 
Almere Data Centre 
Land area: 7,930 sqm 
Freehold 
Data centre with rentable area of 
 
 
Amsterdam, 
3-storey data centre 
 
11,000 sqm 
 
 
Netherlands 
 
 
  
 
 
Keppel DC Dublin 2 
Land area: 13,900 sqm 
999 years leasehold 
Data centre with rentable area of 
 
 
Dublin, 
Single-storey data centre 
 
2,334 sqm 
 
 
Ireland
--------------------------------------------------Page 206--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   211
 
Effective 
 
Description and
 
Group 
 
Approximate
Held By 
Interest 
Location 
Land Area 
Tenure 
Usage
 
 
maincubes Data 
Land area: 5,596 sqm 
Freehold 
Data centre with rentable area of 
 
 
Centre 
 
 
9,016 sqm 
 
 
Offenbach am Main, 
 
 
Germany
Thorium DC Pte Ltd 
65% 
Keppel DC 
Land area: 6,805 sqm 
30 years lease with 
Data centre with gross floor area 
 
 
Singapore 4 
 
option for another 
of 16,917 sqm 
 
 
Tampines, 
 
30 years 
 
 
Singapore
Calcium DC Pte Ltd 
68% 
Graphite DC 
Land area: 38,445 sqm 
Freehold 
Data centre with gross floor area 
 
 
Heinrich-Lanz-Allee 
 
 
of 20,000 sqm 
 
 
47 Kalbach, 
 
 
Frankfurt, 
 
 
Germany
Keppel-KBS US REIT 
7% 
The Plaza Buildings 
Land area: 16,295 sqm 
Freehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
8th Street, Bellevue, 
16 and 10 storey 
 
rentable area of 45,615 sqm 
 
 
Washington, 
multi-tenanted office 
 
 
USA 
buildings
 
 
Bellevue Technology Land area: 188,570 sqm 
Freehold 
Commercial office buildings with 
 
 
Center 
Office campus featuring 9 
 
rentable area of 30,705 sqm 
 
 
24th Street, Bellevue, multi-tenanted office 
 
 
Washington, 
buildings 
 
 
USA
 
 
The Westpark 
Land area: 166,989 sqm 
Freehold 
Commercial office and flex 
 
 
Portfolio 
Business campus 
 
buildings with rentable area of 
 
 
8200-8644 154th 
comprising 19 office 
 
72,667 sqm 
 
 
Avenue NE 
buildings and 2 flex 
 
 
Redmond, 
buildings which are 
 
 
Washington, 
multi-tenanted 
 
 
USA
 
 
Westmoor Center 
Land area: 176,953 sqm 
Freehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
Westmoor Drive, 
Office campus featuring 6 
 
rentable area of 56,939 sqm 
 
 
Colorado, 
multi-tenanted office 
 
 
USA 
buildings
 
 
1800 West Loop 
Land area: 7,627 sqm 
Freehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
South 
A 21-storey high rise office 
 
rentable area of 37,171 sqm 
 
 
Houston, 
multi-tenanted property 
 
 
USA
Mansfield Development 
100% 
Keppel Towers and 
Land area: 9,127  sqm 
Freehold 
Commercial office building with 
Pte Ltd 
 
Keppel Towers 2 
27-storey and 13-storey 
 
rentable area of 45,355 sqm 
 
 
Hoe Chiang Rd, 
office towers 
 
 
Singapore
Keppel Bay Pte Ltd 
100% 
Reflections at 
Land area: 83,538 sqm 
99 years leasehold 
A 1,129-unit waterfront 
 
 
Keppel Bay 
 
 
condominium development 
 
 
Singapore
 
100% 
Corals at 
Land area: 38,830 sqm 
99 years leasehold 
A 366-unit waterfront 
 
 
Keppel Bay 
 
 
condominium development 
 
 
Singapore
HarbourFront One Pte Ltd 
100% 
Keppel Bay Tower 
Land area: 17,267 sqm 
99 years leasehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
HarbourFront 
18-storey office tower 
 
rentable area of 36,015 sqm 
 
 
Avenue, 
 
 
Singapore
Katong Retail Trust 
100% 
I12 Katong 
Land area: 7,261 sqm 
99 years leasehold 
A 6-storey shopping mall 
 
 
East Coast Road 
 
 
and Joo Chiat Road, 
 
 
Singapore
Spring City Golf & Lake 
69% 
Spring City Golf 
Land area: 2,507,653 sqm 
70 years lease 
Integrated resort comprising 
Resort Co (owned by 
 
& Lake Resort 
Two 18-hole golf courses, 
(residential) 
golf courses, resort homes 
Kingsdale Development 
 
Kunming, 
a club house 
50 years lease 
and resort facilities 
Pte Ltd) 
 
China 
 
(golf course)
Vision (III) Pte Ltd 
30% 
Trinity Tower 
Land area: 16,427 sqm 
50 years lease (office) A mixed-use development in 
 
 
Shanghai, 
 
40 years lease (retail) 
Hong Kou District 
 
 
China
--------------------------------------------------Page 207--------------------------------------------------

Other Information
212   
   
 
Effective 
 
Description and
 
Group 
 
Approximate
Held By 
Interest 
Location 
Land Area 
Tenure 
Usage
PT Kepland Investama 
100% 
International 
Land area: 10,428 sqm 
20 years lease with 
A prime office development with 
 
 
Financial Centre 
 
option for another 
rentable area of 27,933 sqm 
 
 
(Tower 1) 
 
20 years 
 
 
Jakarta, 
 
 
Indonesia
 
100% 
International 
Land area: 10,428 sqm 
20 years lease with 
A prime office development with 
 
 
Financial Centre 
 
option for another 
rentable area of 50,200 sqm 
 
 
(Tower 2) 
 
20 years 
 
 
Jakarta, 
 
 
Indonesia
Keppel Land Watco I Co Ltd 
61% 
Saigon Centre 
Land area: 2,730 sqm 
50 years leasehold 
Commercial building with rentable 
 
 
(Phase 1) 
25-storey office, retail cum 
 
area of 11,683 sqm office and 89 
 
 
Ho Chi Minh City, 
serviced apartments 
 
units of serviced apartments 
 
 
Vietnam 
development 
 
  
 
Keppel Land Watco II & III 
61% 
Saigon Centre 
Land area: 8,355 sqm 
50 years leasehold 
Commercial building with rentable 
Co Ltd 
 
(Phase 2) 
 
 
area of 37,600 sqm retail, 
 
 
Ho Chi Minh City, 
 
 
34,000 sqm office and 195 units 
 
 
Vietnam 
 
 
of serviced apartments
Tanah Sutera Development 
18% 
Taman Sutera and 
Land area: 2,018,390 sqm 
Freehold 
A township comprising residential 
Sdn Bhd 
 
Taman Sutera Utama  
 
units, commercial space and 
 
 
Johor Bahru, 
 
 
recreational facilities in Skudai 
 
 
Malaysia
City Square Office Co Ltd 
40% 
Junction City Tower 
Land area: 26,406 sqm 
50 years BOT with 
A mix-used development in CBD 
 
 
(Phase 1) 
 
option for another 
 
 
Yangon, 
 
two 10-years 
 
 
Myanmar
Straits Greenfield Ltd 
100% 
Sedona Hotel 
Land area: 32,000 sqm 
50 years BOT with 
A 5-star hotel in Yangon with 
 
 
Yangon 
 
option for another 
797 rooms 
 
 
Yangon, 
 
two 10-years 
 
 
Myanmar
First King Properties Ltd 
100% 
75 King William 
Land area: 1,947 sqm 
Freehold 
Commercial office building with 
 
 
Street 
9-storey office tower 
 
rentable area of 11,731 sqm 
 
 
London, 
 
 
United Kingdom
Properties under development
Keppel REIT  
47% 
311 Spencer Street 
Land area: 5,136 sqm 
Freehold 
An office development located 
 
 
Melbourne, 
 
 
in CBD 
 
 
Australia 
 
 
*(2020)
Garden Development Pte Ltd 60% 
The Garden 
Land area: 17,189 sqm 
99 years leasehold 
A 613-unit condominium 
 
 
Residences 
 
 
development 
 
 
Serangoon, 
 
 
*(2020) 
 
 
Singapore
Parksville Development 
100% 
Nassim Woods 
Land area: 5,785 sqm 
99 years leasehold 
A 100-unit condominium 
Pte Ltd 
 
Nassim Road, 
 
 
development 
 
 
Singapore 
 
 
*(2022)
Keppel Bay Pte Ltd 
100% 
Keppel Bay Plot 6 
Land area: 43,701 sqm 
99 years leasehold 
A proposed 86-unit waterfront 
 
 
Singapore 
 
 
condominium development
Shanghai Floraville Land 
99% 
Park Avenue Central 
Land area: 28,488 sqm 
40 years lease (retail) 
An office and retail development 
Co Ltd 
 
Shanghai, 
 
50 years lease (office) *(2023) 
 
 
China
Shanghai Jinju Real Estate 
99% 
Sheshan Riviera 
Land area: 175,191 sqm 
70 years lease 
A 217-unit landed development in 
Development Co Ltd 
 
Shanghai, 
 
(residential) 
Sheshan 
 
 
China 
 
40 years lease 
*(2021 Phase 2) 
 
 
 
 
(commercial)
Chengdu Taixin Real Estate 
35% 
V-City 
Land area: 167,357 sqm 
70 years lease 
A 5,399-unit residential 
Development Co Ltd 
 
Chengdu, 
 
(residential) 
development with retail facilities 
 
 
China 
 
40 years lease 
*(2019 Phase 4) 
 
 
 
 
(commercial)
Keppel Heights (Wuxi) 
100% 
Park Avenue 
Land area: 66,010 sqm 
70 years lease 
A 1,285-unit residential 
Property Development 
 
Heights 
 
(residential) 
development with commercial 
Co Ltd 
 
Wuxi, 
 
40 years lease 
facilities in Liangxi District 
 
 
China 
 
(commercial) 
*(2019 Phase 2)
Major Properties
--------------------------------------------------Page 208--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   213
 
Effective 
 
Description and
 
Group 
 
Approximate
Held By 
Interest 
Location 
Land Area 
Tenure 
Usage
Keppel Seasons Residences 100% 
Seasons Residences Land area: 180,258 sqm 
70 years lease 
A 2,904-unit residential 
Property Development 
 
Wuxi, 
 
(residential) 
development with integrated 
(Wuxi) Co Ltd 
 
China 
 
40 years lease 
facilities in Xinwu District 
 
 
 
 
(commercial) 
*(2020 Phases 1 & 2)
Keppel Lakefront (Wuxi) 
100% 
Waterfront 
Land area: 215,230 sqm 
70 years lease 
A 1,403-unit residential 
Property Development 
 
Residence 
 
(residential) 
development with commercial 
Co Ltd 
 
Wuxi, 
 
40 years lease 
and SOHO facilities in Binhu 
 
 
China 
 
(commercial) 
District 
 
 
 
 
 
*(2019 Phase 4)
Keppel Hong Yuan (Tianjin 
100% 
Seasons City in 
Land area: 40,451 sqm 
40 years leasehold 
A commercial sub-centre 
Eco-City) Property 
 
Sino-Singapore 
 
 
comprising a retail complex and 
Development Co Ltd/ 
 
Tianjin Eco-City 
 
 
three office towers 
Keppel Hong Tai (Tianjin 
 
Tianjin, 
 
 
*(2020 Phase 1) 
Eco-City) Property 
 
China 
Development Co Ltd/ 
Keppel Hong Teng (Tianjin 
Eco-City) Property 
Development Co Ltd
Keppel Hong Da (Tianjin 
100% 
Development in 
Land area: 313,265 sqm 
70 years lease 
A 4,297-unit residential 
Eco-City) Property 
 
Sino-Singapore 
 
(residential) 
development with office and 
Development Co Ltd 
 
Tianjin Eco-City 
 
40 years lease 
retail space 
 
 
Tianjin, 
 
(commercial) 
*(2019 Seasons Garden Plot 9) 
 
 
China
Nanjing Jinsheng Real 
40% 
Nanjing Jinsheng 
Land area: 87,790 sqm 
70 years lease 
A 1,597-unit residential 
Estate Development Co Ltd 
 
Nanjing, 
 
(residential) 
development in the core of 
 
 
China 
 
40 years lease 
Nanjing Jiangbei New Area 
 
 
 
 
(commercial) 
*(2021 Phase 1)
Chengdu Hilltop 
100% 
Hill Crest Villa 
Land area: 249,330 sqm 
70 years leasehold 
A 274-unit landed development in 
Development Co Ltd 
 
Chengdu, 
 
 
Xinjin County 
 
 
China 
 
 
*(2020 Phase 1)
Chengdu Shengshi Jingwei 
100% 
Serenity Villa 
Land area: 286,667 sqm 
70 years leasehold 
A 867-unit landed development in 
Real Estate Co Ltd 
 
Chengdu, 
 
 
Xinjin County 
 
 
China 
 
 
*(2020 Phase 2)
PT Harapan Global Niaga 
100% 
West Vista at Puri 
Land area: 28,851 sqm 
30 years lease with 
A 2,855-unit residential 
 
 
Jakarta, 
 
option for another 
development with ancillary shop 
 
 
Indonesia 
 
20 years 
houses 
 
 
 
 
 
*(2019 Phase 1)
Tanah Sutera Development 
18% 
Taman Sutera and 
Land area: 2,018,390 sqm 
Freehold 
A township comprising residential 
Sdn Bhd 
 
Taman Sutera 
 
 
units, commercial space and 
 
 
Utama 
 
 
recreational facilities in Skudai 
 
 
Johor Bahru, 
 
 
Malaysia
City Square Tower Co Ltd 
40% 
Junction City Tower 
Land area: 26,406 sqm 
50 years BOT with 
A mix-used development in CBD 
 
 
(Phase 2) 
 
option for another 
*(2022) 
 
 
Yangon, 
 
two 10-years 
 
 
Myanmar
Saigon Sports City Ltd 
100% 
Saigon Sports City 
Land area: 640,477 sqm 
50 years leasehold 
A 4,300-unit residential township, 
 
 
Ho Chi Minh City, 
 
 
commercial complexes and public 
 
 
Vietnam 
 
 
sports facilities 
 
 
 
 
 
*(2022 Phase 1)
South Rach Chiec LLC 
42% 
Palm City (South 
Land area: 289,365 sqm 
50 years leasehold 
A 3,670-unit residential township 
 
 
Rach Chiec) 
 
 
and commercial space 
 
 
Ho Chi Minh City, 
 
 
*(2019 Phase 1) 
 
 
Vietnam
Empire City LLC 
40% 
Empire City 
Land area: 146,000 sqm 
50 years leasehold 
A residential development with 
 
 
Ho Chi Minh City, 
 
 
commercial space in Thu Thiem 
 
 
Vietnam 
 
 
New Urban Area, District 2 
 
 
 
 
 
*(2020 Phases 1 & 2)
Riviera Point Ltd 
75% 
Riviera Point 
Land area: 89,727 sqm 
50 years leasehold 
A 2,400-unit residential 
 
 
Ho Chi Minh City, 
 
 
development with commercial 
 
 
Vietnam 
 
 
space in District 7 
 
 
 
 
 
*(2019 Phase B)
Dong Nai Waterfront City 
50% 
Dong Nai 
Land area: 3,667,127 sqm 
50 years leasehold 
A 7,850-unit residential township 
LLC (owned by Portsville 
 
Waterfront City 
 
 
with commercial space in 
Pte Ltd) 
 
Dong Nai Province, 
 
 
Long Thanh District 
 
 
Vietnam 
 
 
*(2024 Phase 1)
--------------------------------------------------Page 209--------------------------------------------------

Other Information
214   
   
 
Effective 
 
Description and
 
Group 
 
Approximate
Held By 
Interest 
Location 
Land Area 
Tenure 
Usage
Industrial properties
Keppel FELS Limited 
100% 
Pioneer and 
Land area: 522,097 sqm 
16 - 30 years 
Offshore oil rig construction and 
 
 
Crescent Yard, 
buildings, workshops, 
leasehold 
repair 
 
 
Singapore 
building berths, drydocks 
 
 
 
and wharves
Estaleiro BrasFELS Ltda 
100% 
Angra dos Reis, 
Land area: 409,020 sqm 
30 years leasehold 
Offshore oil rig construction and 
 
 
Rio de Janeiro, 
buildings, workshops, 
 
repair 
 
 
Brazil 
drydock, berths and wharf
Keppel Shipyard Limited 
100% 
Benoi and 
Land area: 799,111 sqm 
30 years leasehold 
Shiprepairing, shipbuilding and 
 
 
Pioneer Yard, 
buildings, workshops, 
 
marine construction 
 
 
Singapore 
drydocks and wharves
* 
Expected year of completion
Major Properties
--------------------------------------------------Page 210--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   215
Group Five-Year Performance
 
 
2014# 
2015# 
2016# 
2017# 
2018
Selected Profit & Loss Account Data
($ million)
Revenue 
13,283 
10,296 
6,767 
5,964 
5,965
Operating profit 
2,391 
1,576 
901 
801 
1,043
Profit before tax 
2,835 
1,991 
1,088 
442^ 
1,240
Net profit attributable to shareholders 
 
of the Company 
1,885 
1,525 
784 
196^ 
944
Selected Balance Sheet Data
($ million)
Fixed assets & properties 
4,661 
6,118 
6,195 
5,894 
5,224
Investments 
5,718 
6,030 
6,076 
6,575 
6,841
Stocks, debtors, cash & long term assets 
19,851 
16,672 
17,532 
16,084 
14,412
Intangibles 
102 
100 
141 
133 
129
Assets classified as held for sale 
1,259 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total assets 
31,591 
28,920 
29,944 
28,686 
26,606
Less:
Creditors 
8,579 
7,925 
8,034 
8,298 
6,912
Borrowings 
7,383 
8,259 
9,053 
7,793 
7,549
Other liabilities 
451 
810 
512 
622 
558
Liabilities directly associated with assets 
 
classified as held for sale 
450 
- 
- 
- 
-
Net assets 
14,728 
11,926 
12,345 
11,973 
11,587
Share capital & reserves 
10,381 
11,096 
11,668 
11,443 
11,278
Non-controlling interests 
4,347 
830 
677 
530 
309
Total Equity 
14,728 
11,926 
12,345 
11,973 
11,587
Per Share
Earnings (cents) (Note 1) :
 
Before tax 
120.9 
104.2 
57.1 
23.3^ 
67.4
 
After tax 
103.8 
84.0 
43.2 
10.8^ 
52.0
Total distribution (cents) 
48.0 
34.0 
20.0 
22.0 
30.0*
Net assets ($) 
5.73 
6.13 
6.43 
6.29 
6.22
Net tangible assets ($) 
5.67 
6.07 
6.35 
6.22 
6.15
Financial Ratios
Return on shareholders’ funds (%) (Note 2):
 
Profit before tax 
21.9 
17.6 
9.1 
3.7 
10.8
 
Net profit 
18.8 
14.2 
6.9 
1.7 
8.3
Dividend cover (times) 
2.2 
2.5 
2.2 
0.5 
1.7*
Net cash/(gearing) (times) 
(0.11) 
(0.53) 
(0.56) 
(0.46) 
(0.48)
Employees
Average headcount (number) 
39,049 
36,153 
28,879 
21,862 
18,186
Wages & salaries ($ million) 
1,859 
1,662 
1,282 
1,107 
1,018
# 
2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)s”). 2014 to 2016 financial figures were 
prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (“FRS”) and certain amounts have been reclassified for comparability purpose.
^ 
Includes the one-off financial penalty from the global resolution and related costs of $619 million.
* 
Includes the special dividend paid of 5.0 cents per share.
Notes: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Earnings per share are calculated based on the Group profit by reference to the weighted average number of shares in issue during the year.
2. 
In calculating return on shareholders’ funds, average shareholders’ funds has been used.
--------------------------------------------------Page 211--------------------------------------------------

Other Information
216   
   
2018
Group revenue of $5,965 million for 2018 was at almost the same level as in 2017. Revenue from the O&M Division improved by $73 million or 
4% to $1,875 million due to revenue recognition in relation to the jackup rigs sold to Borr Drilling Limited and higher revenue recognition from 
ongoing projects. Major jobs completed and delivered in 2018 included two jackup rigs, a gas carrier refurbishment, two Floating Production 
Storage and Offloading (FPSO) conversions, a Roll-on/Roll-off (RORO) conversion and two dual-fuel Liquified Natural Gas (LNG) tugs. Revenue 
from the Property Division decreased by $442 million to $1,340 million due mainly to lower revenue from Singapore, China and Vietnam property 
trading. Revenue from the Infrastructure Division grew by $422 million to $2,629 million as a result of increased sales in the power and gas 
businesses, partly offset by lower progressive revenue recognition from the Keppel Marina East Desalination Plant project. Revenue from the 
Investments Division decreased by $52 million to $121 million due mainly to the absence of sale of investments and lower revenue from the 
asset management business.
Group pre-tax profit for the current year was $1,240 million, $798 million or 181% above the previous year. Group pre-tax profit for 2017 included 
$619 million for the one-off financial penalty and related costs. Excluding the one-off financial penalty and related costs from 2017, Group 
pre-tax profit for 2018 of $1,240 million was $179 million or 17% above the pre-tax profit of $1,061 million for 2017. 
The O&M Division’s pre-tax loss was $113 million as compared to pre-tax loss, excluding the one-off financial penalty and related costs, of   
$243 million in 2017. This was mainly due to higher operating results arising from higher revenue, write-back of provisions for claims and lower 
net interest expense, partly offset by higher impairment provisions and absence of gain from divestment of Keppel Verolme. Pre-tax profit from 
the Property Division increased by $344 million to $1,188 million due mainly to en-bloc sales of development projects (Keppel China Marina 
Holdings Pte Ltd, Keppel Bay Property Development (Shenyang) Co. Ltd., Keppel Township Development (Shenyang) Co. Ltd. and Quoc Loc Phat 
Joint Stock Company) and gain from divestment of the stake in Aether Limited. The positive variance was partly offset by lower fair value gains 
on investment properties, lower contribution from Singapore and China property trading, and lower share of associated companies’ profits. 
Pre-tax profit of the Infrastructure Division was $184 million, $14 million above that in 2017. This was mainly due to dilution gain following 
Keppel DC REIT’s private placement exercise, the gain arising from the sale of stake in Keppel DC REIT, as well as higher contribution from 
Environmental Infrastructure and Infrastructure Services, partly offset by lower contribution from Energy Infrastructure, lower share of profits 
from Keppel Infrastructure Trust, and absence of gain from divestment of GE Keppel Energy Services Pte Ltd compared against last year. Pre-
tax loss of the Investments Division was $19 million as compared to pre-tax profit of $290 million in 2017. This was mainly due to lower profit 
from land sales in the Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City, lower contribution from the asset management business and provision for impairment of 
an associated company, partly offset by lower share of loss from KrisEnergy. In 2017, the Investments Division also benefitted from the share of 
profit from k1 Ventures, write-back of provision for impairment of an associated company, and profit from sale of investments. 
Taking into account income tax expenses and non-controlling interests, and excluding the one-off financial penalty from the global resolution 
and related costs of $619 million in 2017, net profit attributable to shareholders for 2018 was $944 million, an increase of $129 million from 
$815 million in 2017. The Property Division was the largest contributor to the Group’s net profit with a 99% share, followed by the Infrastructure 
Division’s 18% while the O&M Division and Investments Division contributed negative 11% and negative 6% to the Group’s net profit respectively.
2017
Group revenue of $5,964 million for 2017 was $803 million or 12% below that of 2016. Revenue from the O&M Division declined by 
$1,052 million to $1,802 million due to lower volume of work and deferment of some projects. Major jobs completed and delivered in 2017 
include a semisubmersible (semi), a subsea construction vessel, an FPSO conversion, an FPSO topsides installation/integration, a module 
fabrication & integration, a floating LNG conversion and an ice-class multi-purpose vessel project. Revenue from the Property Division decreased 
by $253 million to $1,782 million due mainly to lower revenue from China and Singapore, partly offset by higher revenue from Vietnam. Revenue 
from the Infrastructure Division grew by $463 million to $2,207 million as a result of increased sales in the power and gas businesses and 
progressive revenue recognition from the Keppel Marina East Desalination Plant project.
Group pre-tax profit for the current year was $442 million, $646 million or 59% below the previous year. Excluding the one-off financial penalty 
from the global resolution and related costs, the Group registered a pre-tax profit of $1,061 million which is $27 million lower than that of the 
preceding year. 
6.0
6.8
10.3
13.3
0
3
6
9
12
0
600
1,200
1,800
2,400
Net Profit ($ million)
Revenue ($ billion)
Pre-Tax Profit ($ million)
400
800
1,200
1,600
0
2014
2018
2016
2015
2017
6.0
15
3,000
2,000
442* ^
1,088*
1,991*
2,835*
2014
2018
2016
2015
2017
1,240
196* ^
784
1,525
1,885
2014
2018
2016
2015
2017
944
Group Five-Year Performance
* 
2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of SFRS(I)s. 2014 to 2016 financial figures were prepared in accordance with FRS and certain amounts 
have been reclassified for comparability purpose.
^ 
Includes the one-off financial penalty and related costs of $619 million.
--------------------------------------------------Page 212--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   217
The O&M Division’s pre-tax loss in 2017 was $862 million. Excluding the one-off financial penalty from the global resolution and related costs, 
the Division’s pre-tax loss was $243 million as compared to pre-tax profit of $76 million in 2016. This was mainly due to lower operating results 
arising from lower revenue and lower share of associated companies’ profits, partly offset by lower impairment provisions and lower net interest 
expense. Provisions mainly for impairment of fixed assets, stocks & works-in-progress (WIP), investments and an associated company, and 
restructuring costs, of $140 million in 2017 was lower than the $277 million impairment provisions recorded in 2016. Pre-tax profit from the 
Property Division of $844 million was $11 million or 1% higher than that in 2016. This was due mainly to higher fair value gains on investment 
properties and higher contribution from Singapore and Vietnam property trading, and en-bloc sales of development projects, partly offset by 
lower share of associated companies’ profits, mainly resulting from the absence of the gains from divestment of the stakes in Life Hub @ 
Jinqiao and 77 King Street last year, and the absence of reversal of impairment for hospitality assets. Pre-tax profit of the Infrastructure Division 
increased by $47 million to $170 million due mainly to higher contribution from Energy Infrastructure, the gain on divestment of its interest in 
GE Keppel Energy Services Pte Ltd, as well as the recognition of fair value gain on investment. These were partly offset by lower contribution 
from the data centre business, due mainly to the absence of contribution from Keppel DC Singapore 3, which was injected into Keppel DC REIT 
in January 2017. Pre-tax profit of the Investments Division increased by $234 million to $290 million due mainly to higher share of profit from 
Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City and k1 Ventures, higher contribution from asset management business, write-back of provision for impairment 
of investments and profit on sale of investments. These were partly offset by the share of loss in KrisEnergy and recognition of fair value loss on 
KrisEnergy warrants. 
Taking into account income tax expenses and non-controlling interests, and excluding the one-off financial penalty from the global resolution 
and related costs of $619 million, net profit attributable to shareholders was $815 million, an increase of $31 million from last year. The Property 
Division was the largest contributor to the Group’s net profit with an 80% share, followed by the Investments Division’s 29% and Infrastructure 
Division’s 16% while the O&M Division contributed negative 25% to the Group’s net profit.
2016
Group revenue of $6,767 million for 2016 was $3,529 million or 34% lower than that for the full year of 2015. O&M Division’s revenue of      
$2,854 million was 54% below the $6,241 million for 2015 because of lower volume of work, deferment of some projects and the suspension of 
the Sete contracts. Major jobs completed in 2016 include four jackup rigs, a land rig, a derrick lay vessel, an accommodation semi and two FPSO 
conversions. The Property Division saw its revenue increase by 12% to $2,035 million due mainly to higher revenue from Singapore and China. 
Revenue from the Infrastructure Division contracted by $293 million to $1,744 million as a result of a drop in revenue recorded by the power and 
gas business from lower prices and volume.  
The Group’s pre-tax profit for the current year was $1,088 million, $903 million or 45% below the previous year. The O&M Division reported a 
$614 million drop in pre-tax profit to $76 million due mainly to lower operating results arising from lower revenue, lower share of associated 
companies’ profits and impairment of assets. Impairment of assets in the year amounted to $277 million and comprises impairment of fixed 
assets, stocks & WIP and investments. The negative variance was partially offset by the absence of provision for losses for the Sete rigbuilding 
contracts of about $230 million in 2015. The Property Division’s profit of $833 million for 2016 was $31 million or 4% lower than 2015 due 
mainly to lower fair value gains on investment properties, lower contribution from Singapore property trading, lower share of associated 
companies’ profits and the absence of cost write-back upon finalisation of project cost for Reflections at Keppel Bay in 4Q 2015, partially offset 
by reversal of impairment of hospitality assets. The lower share of associated companies’ profits was due mainly to lower share of fair value 
gains on investment properties, partly offset by share of profits arising from divestment of the stake in Life Hub @ Jinqiao and 77 King Street. 
Profit from the Infrastructure Division decreased by $116 million to $123 million due mainly to lower fair value gains on data centres and the 
absence of gains recognised in 2015. In 2015, there were gains from disposal of the 51% interest in Keppel Merlimau Cogen Pte Ltd and dilution 
re-measurement gain from the combination of Crystal Trust and CitySpring Infrastructure Trust to form the enlarged Keppel Infrastructure 
Trust, which were partially offset by the losses following finalisation of the cost to complete the Doha North Sewage Treatment Plant. Pre-
tax profit of the Investments Division decreased by $142 million to $56 million due mainly to share of losses and impairment losses of an 
associated company, and the absence of gain from sale of investments last year, partially offset by share of profits from Sino-Singapore Tianjin 
Eco-City.
Taking into account income tax expenses and non-controlling interests, net profit attributable to shareholders was $784 million, $741 million or 
49% lower than last year. The Property Division was the largest contributor to Group net profit at 79%, followed by the Infrastructure Division’s 
13%, the Investments Division’s and the O&M Division’s at 4% each.
0
2.5
5.0
7.5
10
0
3
6
9
12
Market Capitalisation ($ billion)
Shareholders’ Fund ($ billion)
Total Equity ($ billion)
5
10
15
20
0
12.5
15
25
11.4
11.7
11.1
10.4
2014
2018
2016
2015
2017
11.3
12.0
12.3
11.9
14.7
2014
2018
2016
2015
2017
11.6
13.4
10.5
11.8
16.0
2014
2018
2016
2015
2017
10.7
--------------------------------------------------Page 213--------------------------------------------------

Other Information
218   
   
2015
Group revenue of $10,296 million for 2015 was $2,987 million or 22% lower than that for the full year of 2014. O&M Division’s revenue of    
$6,241 million was 27% below the $8,556 million for 2014 due to lower volume of work, deferment of some projects and the suspension of 
the Sete contracts. Major jobs completed in 2015 include seven jackup rigs, an accommodation semi, one FPSO conversion, one depletion 
compression platform, one floating crane and an FPSO integration. The Property Division saw its revenue increase by 12% to $1,823 million due 
mainly to higher revenue from China partly offset by lower revenue from Singapore and the absence of the sale of a residential development in 
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia which was sold in 2014. Revenue from the Infrastructure Division contracted by $877 million to $2,037 million as a result 
of a drop in revenue recorded by the power and gas business due to lower prices and volume, lower revenue from engineering, procurement and 
construction (EPC) projects, lower contribution from the data centre business, as well as absence of revenue from Keppel FMO Pte Ltd which 
was disposed in December 2014.
The Group’s pre-tax profit for the current year was $1,991 million, $844 million or 30% below the previous year. The O&M Division reported a 
$667 million drop in pre-tax profit to $690 million. Lower operating results arising from lower revenue, provision for losses for Sete rigbuilding 
contracts of about $230 million and lower net interest income were partially offset by an increase in share of associated companies’ profits. 
The Property Division’s profit of $864 million for 2015 was $80 million or 8% below that of 2014. This was due mainly to lower operating 
results, reduction in share of associated companies’ profits, higher net interest expense and absence of gains from the disposal of investment 
properties (Equity Plaza, Prudential Tower and Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 3 (MBFC T3) were disposed in 2014), partly offset by higher 
fair value gains on investment properties and cost write-back upon finalisation of project cost for the Reflections at Keppel Bay. Profit from 
the Infrastructure Division decreased by $193 million to $239 million. The gain from disposal of 51% interest in Keppel Merlimau Cogen Pte 
Ltd and dilution re-measurement gain from the combination of Crystal Trust and CitySpring Infrastructure Trust to form the enlarged Keppel 
Infrastructure Trust were partially offset by the losses following finalisation of the cost to complete the Doha North Sewage Treatment Works 
and the reduced contribution from the power and gas business. There were also gains from divestment of data centre assets and Keppel FMO 
in 2014.
Taking into account income tax expenses and non-controlling interests, net profit attributable to shareholders was $1,525 million, $360 million 
or 19% lower than last year. The Property Division was the largest contributor to Group net profit at 43%, followed by the O&M Division’s 32%,  
the Infrastructure Division’s 13% and the Investments Division’s at 12%.
2014
Group revenue of $13,283 million for 2014 was $903 million or 7% higher than that for the full year of 2013. O&M Division’s revenue of        
$8,556 million was 20% above the $7,126 million for 2013, driven mainly by progress from on-going jobs. Major jobs completed in 2014 include 
7 jackup rigs, 3 FPSO upgrades, 2 FPSO conversions, one FPSO integration and one semi upgrade. The Property Division saw its revenue 
weakened by 2% to $1,629 million mainly from weaker sales in Singapore. In addition, Keppel REIT did not contribute any revenue in 2014 as it 
was deconsolidated from 31 August 2013. This was partly offset by sale of a residential development in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Revenue from 
the Infrastructure Division decreased by $538 million to $2,914 million mainly due to lower revenue contributed by Keppel Infrastructure’s power 
generation plant, partially offset by stronger contribution from Keppel Telecommunications & Transportation’s (Keppel T&T) logistics and data 
centre businesses.  
The Group’s pre-tax profit for the current year was $2,835 million, $28 million or 1% above the previous year. The O&M Division posted a higher 
pre-tax profit of $1,357 million mainly from better operating results and higher interest income partially offset by lower share of associated 
companies’ profits. The Property Division’s profit of $944 million for 2014 was $476 million or 34% below that of 2013. Lower operating results, 
lower fair value gains on investment properties and absence of gains from deconsolidation of Keppel REIT recognised in 2013 was partially 
offset by gains from the disposals of Equity Plaza, Prudential Tower and MBFC T3 in 2014. Profit from the Infrastructure Division increased 
by $366 million to $432 million due mainly to better operating results from both Keppel Infrastructure and Keppel T&T as well as gains from 
divestments of data centre assets and Keppel FMO.
Taking into account income tax expenses and non-controlling interests, net profit attributable to shareholders was $1,885 million, $39 million or 
2% higher than last year. The O&M Division was the largest contributor to Group net profit at 55%, followed by the Property Division’s 25%, the 
Infrastructure Division’s 16% and the Investments Division’s at 4%.
Group Five-Year Performance
--------------------------------------------------Page 214--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   219
Group Value-Added Statements
 
 
 
2014* 
2015* 
2016* 
2017* 
2018
($ million)
Value added from:
 
Revenue earned 
 13,283 
10,296 
6,767 
5,964 
5,965
 
Less: purchases of materials and services 
 (9,456) 
(7,303) 
(4,287) 
(4,119) 
(3,939)
Gross value added from operation 
3,827 
2,993 
2,480 
1,845 
2,026
In addition:
 
Interest and investment income 
145 
134 
139 
158 
174
 
Share of associated companies’ profits 
432 
436 
272 
291 
222
 
Other operating income/(expenses) 
563 
402 
(187) 
196 
186
 
 
 
4,967 
3,965 
2,704 
2,490 
2,608
Distribution of Group’s value added:
To employees in wages, salaries and benefits 
1,733 
1,600 
1,155 
1,027 
988
To government in taxation 
408 
398 
266 
244 
284
To providers of capital on:
 
Interest on borrowings 
134 
155 
225 
189 
198
 
Dividends to our partners in subsidiaries 
266 
83 
77 
27 
20
 
Dividends to our shareholders 
763 
872 
545 
364 
526
 
 
 
1,163 
1,110 
847 
580 
744
One-off financial penalty & related costs 
- 
 - 
- 
619 
-
Total Distribution 
3,304 
3,108 
2,268 
2,470 
2,016
Balance retained in the business:
 
Depreciation & amortisation 
265 
220 
236 
212 
182
 
Non-controlling interests share of profits
 
 
in subsidiaries 
276 
(15) 
(39) 
(25) 
(8)
 
Retained profit for the year 
1,122 
652 
239 
(167) 
418
 
 
 
1,663 
857 
436 
20 
592
 
 
 
4,967 
3,965 
2,704 
2,490 
2,608
Number of employees 
39,049 
36,153 
28,879 
21,862 
18,186
Productivity data:
 
Gross value added per employee ($’000) 
98 
83 
86 
84 
111
 
Gross value added per dollar employment cost ($) 
2.21 
1.87 
2.15 
1.80 
2.05
 
Gross value added per dollar sales ($) 
0.29 
0.29 
0.37 
0.31 
0.34
* 
2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International). 2014 to 2016 financial figures were prepared in 
accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards and certain amounts have been reclassified for comparability purpose.
One-off financial penalty and related cost 
-  
-  
-  
619  
- 
Depreciation & Retained Profit 
1,663  
857  
436  
20  
592 
Interest Expenses & Dividends 
1,163  
1,110  
847  
580  
744 
Taxation 
408  
398  
266  
244  
284 
Wages, Salaries & Benefits 
1,733  
1,600  
1,155  
1,027  
988 
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
5,000
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2,704
4,967
($ million)
3,965
2,490
2,608
--------------------------------------------------Page 215--------------------------------------------------

Other Information
220   
   
Share Performance
 
 
2014  
2015  
2016   
2017  
2018
Share Price ($) *
Last transacted (Note 3) 
 
8.85 
6.51 
5.79  
7.35  
5.91
High 
 
11.24 
9.54 
6.56  
7.83  
8.92
Low 
 
7.91 
6.20 
4.64  
5.73  
5.67
Volume weighted average (Note 2) 
 
10.01 
7.92 
5.46  
6.79  
7.35
Per Share
Earnings (cents) (Note 1) 
 
103.8 
84.0 
43.2  
10.8 #^ 
52.0
Total distribution (cents) 
 
48.0 
34.0 
20.0  
22.0  
30.0 @
Distribution yield (%) (Note 2) 
 
4.8 
4.3 
3.7  
3.2  
4.1 @
Net price earnings ratio (Note 2) 
 
9.6 
9.4 
12.6  
62.9  
14.1
Net assets backing ($) 
 
5.67 
6.07 
6.35 # 
6.22 # 
6.15
At Year End
Share price ($) 
 
8.85 
6.51 
5.79  
7.35  
5.91
Distribution yield (%) (Note 3) 
 
5.4 
5.2 
3.5  
3.0  
5.1 @
Net price earnings ratio (Note 3) 
 
8.5 
7.8 
13.4  
68.1  
11.4
Net price to book ratio (Note 3) 
 
1.6 
1.1 
0.9  
1.2  
1.0
Notes: 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Earnings per share are calculated based on the Group net profit by reference to the weighted average number of shares in issue during the year.
2. 
Volume weighted average share price is used in calculating distribution yield and net price earnings ratio.
3. 
Last transacted share price is used in calculating distribution yield, net price earnings ratio and net price to book ratio.
* 
Historical share prices are not adjusted for special dividends, capital distribution and dividend in specie.
^ 
Includes the one-off financial penalty from the global resolution and related costs of $619 million.
# 
2017 financial figures have been adjusted following the adoption of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International). 2014 to 2016 financial figures were prepared in 
accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards and certain amounts have been reclassified for comparability purpose.
@ 
Includes the special dividend paid of 5.0 cents per share.
2015
2017
2014
Turnover
High and Low Prices
Turnover
(million)
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
180
200
300
400
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
18
20
30
40
2016
2018
Share Prices
($)
--------------------------------------------------Page 216--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   221
Shareholding Statistics
As at 5 March 2019
Issued and Fully paid-up capital (including Treasury Shares) : $1,291,720,897.98
Issued and Fully paid-up capital (excluding Treasury Shares) : $1,281,221,788.97
Number of Issued shares (including Treasury Shares) 
: 1,818,394,180
Number of Issued shares (excluding Treasury Shares) 
: 1,817,009,407
Number/Percentage of Treasury Shares 
: 1,384,773 (0.08%)
Number/Percentage of Subsidiary Holdings 1 
: 0 (0%)
Class of Shares 
: Ordinary Shares
Voting Rights (excluding Treasury Shares) 
:  One Vote Per Share. The Company cannot exercise any 
 
 
voting rights in respect of treasury shares
Subject to the Companies Act, Chapter 50, subsidiaries cannot exercise any voting rights in respect of shares held by them as subsidiary 
holdings.
 
No. of 
 
No. of
Size of Shareholdings 
Shareholders 
% 
Shares 
%
1 - 99 
173 
0.24 
5,924 
0.00
100 - 1,000 
16,580 
23.07 
13,500,831 
0.74
1,001 - 10,000 
45,252 
62.96 
178,205,142 
9.81
10,001 - 1,000,000 
9,838 
13.69 
298,075,370 
16.41
1,000,001 & Above 
29 
0.04 
1,327,222,140 
73.04
Total 
71,872 
100.00 
1,817,009,407 
100.00
 
No. of
Twenty Largest Shareholders 
Shares 
%
Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited 
371,408,292 
20.44
Citibank Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd 
314,398,607 
17.30
DBS Nominees Pte Ltd 
226,126,815 
12.45
DBSN Services Pte Ltd 
113,271,708 
6.23
HSBC (Singapore) Nominees Pte Ltd 
88,578,995 
4.87
United Overseas Bank Nominees Pte Ltd 
51,958,823 
2.86
Raffles Nominees (Pte) Limited 
49,073,283 
2.70
BPSS Nominees Singapore (Pte.) Ltd. 
30,281,441 
1.67
OCBC Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd 
13,493,272 
0.74
OCBC Securities Private Ltd 
9,085,641 
0.50
Shanwood Development Pte Ltd 
7,040,000 
0.39
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd 
6,126,521 
0.34
UOB Kay Hian Pte Ltd 
5,886,625 
0.32
DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd 
5,248,353 
0.29
Maybank Kim Eng Securities Pte. Ltd. 
3,774,906 
0.21
BNP Paribas Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd 
3,625,575 
0.20
Chen Chun Nan 
3,618,100 
0.20
Societe Generale S’pore Branch 
3,427,365 
0.19
DBS Vickers Securities (S) Pte Ltd 
3,285,400 
0.18
CGS-CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd 
3,151,583 
0.17
Total 
1,312,861,305 
72.25
Substantial Shareholders (as shown in the Register of Substantial Shareholders)
 
Direct Interest 
Deemed Interest 
Total Interest
 
No. of Shares 
% 
No. of Shares 
% 
No. of Shares 
%
Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited 2 
371,408,292 
20.44 
13,780,895 
0.75 
385,189,187 
21.19
Notes:
1 
”Subsidiary holdings” is defined in the Listing Manual to mean shares referred to in Sections 21(4), 21(4B), 21(6A) and 21(6C) of the Companies Act, Chapter 50.
2 
Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited is deemed interested in 14,774,336 shares in which its subsidiaries and  associated companies have direct or deemed interests.
Public Shareholders
Based on the information available to the Company as at 5 March 2019, approximately 78% of the issued shares of the Company is held by 
the public and therefore, pursuant to Rules 723 and 1207 of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, it is 
confirmed that at least 10% of the ordinary shares of the Company is at all times held by the public.
--------------------------------------------------Page 217--------------------------------------------------

Other Information
222   
   
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 51st Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held at Suntec Singapore Convention and Exhibition 
Centre, Nicoll 1-3, Level 3, 1 Raffles Boulevard Suntec City, Singapore 039593 on Tuesday, 23 April 2019 at 3.00 p.m. to transact the following 
business:
Ordinary Business
1. 
To receive and adopt the Directors’ Statement and Audited Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 
2018.
2. 
To declare a final tax-exempt (one-tier) dividend of 15.0 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2018 (2017: 
final tax-exempt (one-tier) dividend of 14.0 cents per share).
3. 
To re-elect the following directors of the Company (“Directors”), each of whom will be retiring by rotation pursuant to 
Regulation 83 of the Constitution of the Company (“Constitution”) and who, being eligible, offers himself for re-election 
pursuant to Regulation 84 of the  Constitution (see Note 3):
 
 
(i) Mr Alvin Yeo
 
(ii) Mr Tan Ek Kia
 
(iii) Mr Loh Chin Hua
4. 
To re-elect Prof Jean-François Manzoni, whom being appointed by the board of Directors after the last annual general 
meeting of the Company, will retire in accordance with Regulation 82(a) of the Constitution and who, being eligible, 
offers himself for re-election (see Note 3).
5. 
To approve the sum of S$2,218,222 as Directors’ fees for the year ended 31 December 2018 (2017: S$2,191,000) (see 
Note 4).
6. 
To re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the auditors of the Company, and authorise the Directors to fix their 
remuneration. 
Special Business
To consider and, if thought fit, approve with or without any modifications, the following ordinary resolutions: 
 
7. 
That pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore (the “Companies Act”), authority be and 
is hereby given to the Directors to:
(1) 
(a) 
issue shares in the capital of the Company (“Shares”), whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise, and 
including any capitalisation of any sum for the time being standing to the credit of any of the Company’s 
reserve accounts or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available 
for distribution; and/or
 
(b) 
make or grant offers, agreements or options that might or would require Shares to be issued (including 
but not limited to the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments to) warrants, debentures or other 
instruments convertible into Shares) (collectively “Instruments”),
 
at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the Directors 
may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and
(2) 
(notwithstanding that the authority so conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue Shares 
in pursuance of any Instrument made or granted by the Directors while the authority was in force;
Notice of Annual General Meeting & Closure of Books
Keppel Corporation Limited
Company Registration No. 196800351N
(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)
Resolution 1
Resolution 2
Resolution 3
Resolution 4
Resolution 5
Resolution 6
Resolution 7
Resolution 8
Corporation
eppel
Resolution 9
--------------------------------------------------Page 218--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   223
provided that:
(i) 
the aggregate number of Shares to be issued pursuant to this Resolution (including Shares to be issued in 
pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution and any adjustment effected under 
any relevant Instrument) shall not exceed fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of issued Shares (excluding 
treasury Shares and subsidiary holdings) (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) below), of which 
the aggregate number of Shares to be issued other than on a pro rata basis to shareholders of the Company 
(including Shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution and 
any adjustment effected under any relevant Instrument) shall not exceed five (5) per cent. of the total number 
of issued Shares (excluding treasury Shares and subsidiary holdings) (as calculated in accordance with sub-
paragraph (ii) below);
(ii) 
(subject to such manner of calculation as may be prescribed by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 
Limited (“SGX-ST”)) for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under 
sub-paragraph (i) above, the percentage of issued Shares shall be calculated based on the total number of 
issued Shares (excluding treasury Shares and subsidiary holdings) at the time this Resolution is passed, after 
adjusting for:
(a) 
new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of convertible securities or share options or vesting 
of share awards which are outstanding or subsisting as at the time this Resolution is passed; and
(b) 
any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or sub-division of Shares,
 
and in sub-paragraph (i) above and this sub-paragraph (ii), “subsidiary holdings” has the meaning given to it in 
the listing manual of the SGX-ST (“Listing Manual”);
(iii) 
in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, the Listing Manual (unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST) and the 
Constitution for the time being in force; and
(iv) 
(unless revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting) the authority conferred by this Resolution shall 
continue in force until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company or the date by which 
the next annual general meeting is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier (see Note 5).
8. 
That:
(1) 
for the purposes of the Companies Act, the exercise by the Directors of all the powers of the Company to 
purchase or otherwise acquire Shares not exceeding in aggregate the Maximum Limit (as hereafter defined), at 
such price(s) as may be determined by the Directors from time to time up to the Maximum Price (as hereafter 
defined), whether by way of:
(a) 
market purchase(s) (each a “Market Purchase”) on the SGX-ST; and/or
(b) 
off-market purchase(s) (each an “Off-Market Purchase”) in accordance with any equal access scheme(s) 
as may be determined or formulated by the Directors as they consider fit, which scheme(s) shall satisfy 
all the conditions prescribed by the Companies Act;
 
and otherwise in accordance with all other laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the provisions of 
the Companies Act and the Listing Manual as may for the time being be applicable, be and is hereby authorised 
and approved generally and unconditionally (the “Share Purchase Mandate”);
(2) 
(unless varied or revoked by the members of the Company in a general meeting) the authority conferred on the 
Directors pursuant to the Share Purchase Mandate may be exercised by the Directors at any time and from 
time to time during the period commencing from the date of the passing of this Resolution and expiring on the 
earliest of:
(a) 
the date on which the next annual general meeting of the Company is held; 
(b) 
the date on which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held; or 
(c)  
the date on which the purchases or acquisitions of Shares by the Company pursuant to the Share 
Purchase Mandate are carried out to the full extent mandated;
Resolution 10
--------------------------------------------------Page 219--------------------------------------------------

Other Information
224   
   
(3) 
in this Resolution:
 
“Average Closing Price” means the average of the closing market prices of a Share over the last five (5) Market 
Days (a “Market Day” being a day on which the SGX-ST is open for trading in securities), on which transactions in 
the Shares were recorded, in the case of Market Purchases, before the day on which the purchase or acquisition 
of Shares was made and deemed to be adjusted for any corporate action that occurs after the relevant five (5) 
Market Days, or in the case of Off-Market Purchases, before the date on which the Company makes an offer for 
the purchase or acquisition of Shares from holders of Shares, stating therein the purchase price of each Share 
and the relevant terms of the equal access scheme for effecting the Off-Market Purchase;
 
“Maximum Limit” means that number of issued Shares representing two (2) per cent. of the total number of 
issued Shares as at the date of the passing of this Resolution, unless the Company has at any time during the 
Relevant Period reduced its share capital by a special resolution under Section 78C of the Companies Act, or the 
court has, at any time during the Relevant Period (as hereinafter defined), made an order under Section 78I of 
the Companies Act confirming the reduction of share capital of the Company, in which event the total number of 
issued Shares shall be taken to be the total number of issued Shares as altered by the special resolution of the 
Company or the order of the court, as the case may be. Any Shares which are held as treasury shares and any 
subsidiary holdings will be disregarded for purposes of computing the two (2) per cent. limit;
 
“Maximum Price”, in relation to a Share to be purchased or acquired, means the purchase price (excluding 
brokerage, stamp duties, commission, applicable goods and services tax and other related expenses) which 
shall not exceed, whether pursuant to a Market Purchase or an Off-Market Purchase, 105 per cent. of the 
Average Closing Price;
 
“Relevant Period” means the period commencing from the date of the passing of this Resolution and expiring on 
the date the next annual general meeting is held or is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier; and
 
“subsidiary holdings” has the meaning given to it in the Listing Manual; and
(4) 
the Directors and/or any of them be and are hereby authorised to complete and do all such acts and things 
(including without limitation, executing such documents as may be required) as they and/or he may consider 
necessary, expedient, incidental or in the interests of the Company to give effect to the transactions contemplated 
and/or authorised by this Resolution (see Note 6).
9. 
That:
(1) 
approval be and is hereby given, for the purposes of Chapter 9 of the Listing Manual, for the Company, its 
subsidiaries and target associated companies (as defined in  Appendix 2 to this Notice of Annual General 
Meeting (“Appendix 2”)), or any of them, to enter into any of the transactions falling within the types of Interested 
Person Transactions described in Appendix 2, with any person who falls within the classes of Interested 
Persons described in Appendix 2, provided that such transactions are made on normal commercial terms and 
in accordance with the review procedures for Interested Person Transactions as set out in Appendix 2 (the “IPT 
Mandate”);
(2) 
the IPT Mandate shall, unless revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting, continue in force until the 
date that the next annual general meeting is held or is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier;
(3) 
the Audit Committee of the Company be and is hereby authorised to take such action as it deems proper in 
respect of such procedures and/or to modify or implement such procedures as may be necessary to take into 
consideration any amendment to Chapter 9 of the Listing Manual which may be prescribed by the SGX-ST from 
time to time; and
(4) 
the Directors and/or any of them be and are hereby authorised to complete and do all such acts and things 
(including, without limitation, executing such documents as may be required) as they and/or he may consider 
necessary, expedient, incidental or in the interests of the Company to give effect to the IPT Mandate and/or this 
Resolution (see Note 7).
To transact such other business which can be transacted at the annual general meeting of the Company.
Resolution 11
Notice of Annual General Meeting & Closure of Books
--------------------------------------------------Page 220--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   225
NOTICE IS ALSO HEREBY GIVEN THAT:
(a) 
the Share Transfer Books and the Register of Members of the Company will be closed on 30 April 2019 at 5.00 p.m., for 
the preparation of dividend warrants. Duly completed transfers of Shares received by the Company’s Share Registrar, 
B.A.C.S. Private Limited, at 8 Robinson Road, #03-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544 up to 5.00 p.m. on 30 April 2019 
will be registered to determine shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend. Shareholders whose securities 
accounts with The Central Depository (Pte) Limited are credited with Shares as at 5.00 p.m. on 30 April 2019 will be 
entitled to the proposed final dividend. The proposed final dividend if approved at this annual general meeting will be 
paid on 10 May 2019; and 
(b) 
the electronic copy of the Company’s Annual Report 2018 will be published on the Company’s website on 1 April 2019. 
The Company’s website address is http://www.kepcorp.com, and the electronic copy of the Annual Report 2018 can 
be viewed or downloaded from the annual report microsite at www.kepcorp.com/annualreport2018/. To download the 
electronic copy of the Annual Report 2018, click on the link at the top right hand corner of the microsite webpage. You 
will need an internet browser and PDF reader to view the document. 
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD
Caroline Chang/Leon Ng
Company Secretaries 
Singapore, 1 April 2019
--------------------------------------------------Page 221--------------------------------------------------

Other Information
226   
   
Notes:
1. 
A member of the Company entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company, and who is not a Relevant Intermediary is entitled to appoint one proxy or two proxies to 
attend and vote in his place. A member of the Company who is a Relevant Intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote in his place, but each 
proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different Share or Shares held by such member. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
 
“Relevant Intermediary” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act.
2. 
The instrument appointing a proxy must be deposited at the registered office of the Company at 1 HarbourFront Avenue, #18-01 Keppel Bay Tower, Singapore 098632, not 
less than 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the annual general meeting. In the case of members of the Company whose Shares are entered against their names 
in the Depository Register, the Company may reject any instrument appointing a proxy or proxies lodged if such members are not shown to have Shares entered against their 
names in the Depository Register as at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the annual general meeting as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the 
Company.
3. 
Detailed information on these directors can be found on pages 22 to 25 and 93 to 94 of the Company’s Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 (“Annual 
Report 2018”). 
 
Mr Alvin Yeo will, upon his re-election, continue to serve as a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating Committee. Mr Alvin Yeo is the Chairman and Senior Partner 
of WongPartnership LLP, a member of the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s advisory panel to advise the Minister of Finance on appeals under various financial services 
legislation, the Court of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre, the Singapore Medical Council’s Panel of Disciplinary Tribunal Chairmen, and the Panel of Disciplinary 
Tribunal Chairmen of the Supreme Court of Singapore, as well as a Fellow of the Singapore Institute of Arbitrators. He is also a director and chairman of the remuneration 
committee of United Industrial Corporation Limited and a director of United Overseas Bank Limited.
 
Mr Tan Ek Kia will, upon his re-election, continue to serve as the Chairman of the Board Safety Committee and member of the Board Risk Committee and Audit Committee. 
Mr Tan is a seasoned executive in the oil and gas and petrochemicals business. Prior to his retirement as the Vice President (Ventures and Developments) of Shell Chemicals, 
Asia Pacific and Middle East region (based in Singapore) in September 2006, Mr Tan held senior positions in Shell including Managing Director (Exploration and Production) 
of Shell Malaysia, Chairman of Shell North East Asia and Managing Director of Shell Nanhai Ltd (both based in Beijing, China). His other directorships include Transocean Ltd, 
KrisEnergy Ltd (Chairman), PT Chandra Asli Petrochemical Tbk, SMRT Corporation Ltd, Star Energy Group Holdings Pte Ltd (Chairman), Singapore LNG Corporation Pte Ltd 
and Dialog Systems (Asia) Pte Ltd.
 
Mr Loh Chin Hua will, upon his re-election, continue to serve as a member of Board Safety Committee. Mr Loh is currently the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, after 
having served as its Chief Financial Officer from 1 January 2012 to 1 January 2014, playing a pivotal role in all its major investment initiatives and financial decisions as well 
as shaping the Group’s business strategy. Mr Loh has over 30 years of experience in real estate investing and fund management spanning the United States of America, 
Europe and Asia. He joined the Keppel Group in 2002 as the Managing Director of Alpha Investment Partners Ltd. Prior to this, he was the Managing Director at Prudential 
Investment Inc leading its Asian real estate fund management business and overseeing all investment and asset management for the real estate funds managed out of Asia. 
Mr Loh began his career with the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation, where he held key appointments in its San Francisco and London office.
 
Prof Jean-François Manzoni will, upon his re-election, continue to serve as a member of the Board Risk Commitee. Prof Manzoni is currently the President (Dean) and Nestlé 
Professor at the International Institute for Management Development (IMD) in Switzerland, where he is based. Prior to re-joining IMD in 2016, he had served at INSEAD’s 
Singapore campus where he co-directed the International Directors Program. He was also on the faculty of INSEAD (Fontainebleau), where he founded and directed the 
PwC Research Initiative on High Performance Organisations. Prof Manzoni is the recipient of several awards for excellence in research and teaching, and has been involved 
in consulting, top management team support and leadership development with several international organisations, spanning more than 30 countries over the years. Prof 
Manzoni is a member of the International Advisory Panels of Digital Switzerland, Singapore’s Public Service Division and the Russian Presidential Academy of National 
Economy and Public Administration. He is a Fellow of the Singapore Institute of Directors, and served on the Board of Singapore’s Civil Service College from 2015 to 2017. 
Prof Manzoni also sits on the board of AACSB International, the world’s largest business education alliance.
 
Mr Alvin Yeo, Mr Tan Ek Kia and Prof Jean-François Manzoni are considered by the board of Directors to be independent Directors. Please see pages 23 and 25 of the Annual 
Report 2018.
4. 
Resolution 7 is to approve the payment of an aggregate sum of S$2,218,222 as Directors’ fees for the non-executive Directors of the Company for FY2018. The fees include 
pro-rated fees payable to Prof Jean-François Manzoni, who was appointed as a non-executive and independent Director of the Company on 1 October 2018.
 
If approved, each of the non-executive Directors (including the Chairman) will receive 70% of his/her total Directors’ fees in cash (“Cash Component”) and 30% in the form of 
Shares (“Remuneration Shares”) (both amounts subject to adjustment as described below).  The actual number of Remuneration Shares, to be purchased from the market 
on the first trading day immediately after the date of the annual general meeting (“Trading Day”) for delivery to the respective non-executive Directors, will be based on the 
market price of the Company’s shares on the SGX-ST on the Trading Day. The actual number of Remuneration Shares will be rounded down to the nearest thousand and any 
residual balance will be paid in cash. 
 
The Remuneration Shares will rank pari passu with the then existing issued Shares.  Details of the Directors’ remuneration can be found on page 80 of the Annual Report 2018.  
The non-executive Directors will abstain from voting, and will procure that their respective associates abstain from voting, in respect of this Resolution.              
5. 
Resolution 9 is to empower the Directors from the date of this annual general meeting until the date of the next annual general meeting to issue Shares and Instruments in the 
Company, up to a number not exceeding 50 per cent. of the total number of Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) (with a sub-limit of 5 per cent. of the 
total number of Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in respect of Shares to be issued other than on a pro rata basis to shareholders).  The 5 per cent. 
sub-limit for non-pro rata issues is lower than the 20 per cent. sub-limit allowed under the Listing Manual.  Of the 5 per cent. sub-limit, in relation to the Company’s Restricted 
Share Plan and Performance Share Plan (collectively, the “Share Plans”), the Company shall not award Shares (“Awards”) under the Share Plans exceeding in aggregate 2 per 
cent. of the total number of issued Shares (“Yearly Limit”). However, if the Yearly Limit is not fully utilised in any given year, the balance of the unutilised Yearly Limit may be 
used by the Company to make grants of Awards in subsequent years. For the purpose of determining the total number of Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary 
holdings) that may be issued, the percentage of issued Shares shall be based on the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) at the 
time that this Resolution is passed, after adjusting for new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities or share options or vesting of share 
awards which are outstanding or subsisting at the time that Resolution 9 is passed, and any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or sub-division of Shares.
6. 
Resolution 10 relates to the renewal of the Share Purchase Mandate which was originally approved by Shareholders on 18 February 2000 and was last renewed at the annual 
general meeting of the Company on 20 April 2018. At this annual general meeting, the Company is seeking a lower “Maximum Limit” of 2 per cent. of the total number of 
issued Shares, which is lower than the 10 per cent. limit allowed under the Listing Manual.  Please refer to Appendix 1 to this Notice of Annual General Meeting for details.
7. 
Resolution 11 relates to the renewal of a mandate given by Shareholders on 22 May 2003 allowing the Company, its subsidiaries and target associated companies to enter 
into transactions with interested persons as defined in Chapter 9 of the Listing Manual. Please refer to Appendix 2 to this Notice of Annual General Meeting for details.
8. 
Personal Data Privacy:
 
By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies), and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the annual general meeting and/or any adjournment thereof, a 
member (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member’s personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the purpose of the processing, 
administration and analysis by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of proxies and representatives appointed for the annual general meeting (including any 
adjournment thereof), and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the annual general meeting (including any 
adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines 
(collectively, the “Purposes”) and (ii) warrants that where the member discloses the personal data of the member’s proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its 
agents or service providers), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or 
its agents or service providers) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the Purposes.
Notice of Annual General Meeting & Closure of Books
--------------------------------------------------Page 222--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited Report to Shareholders 2018   
   227
Corporate Information
Board of Directors
Lee Boon Yang (Chairman)
Loh Chin Hua (Chief Executive Officer)
Tow Heng Tan
Alvin Yeo 
Tan Ek Kia
Danny Teoh
Tan Puay Chiang
Till Vestring
Veronica Eng
Jean-François Manzoni
Audit Committee
Danny Teoh (Chairman)
Alvin Yeo 
Veronica Eng
Tan Ek Kia
Remuneration Committee
Till Vestring (Chairman)
Lee Boon Yang
Danny Teoh
Tow Heng Tan
Nominating Committee
Tan Puay Chiang (Chairman)
Lee Boon Yang
Tow Heng Tan
Alvin Yeo
Till Vestring
Board Risk Committee
Veronica Eng (Chairman)
Tow Heng Tan
Danny Teoh 
Tan Ek Kia
Jean-François Manzoni
Board Safety Committee
Tan Ek Kia (Chairman)
Lee Boon Yang
Loh Chin Hua
Tan Puay Chiang
Company Secretaries
Caroline Chang
Leon Ng
Registered Office
1 HarbourFront Avenue
#18-01 Keppel Bay Tower
Singapore 098632
Telephone: (65) 6270 6666
Facsimile No.: (65) 6413 6391
Email: keppelgroup@kepcorp.com
Website: www.kepcorp.com
Share Registrar
B.A.C.S. Private Limited
8 Robinson Road
#03-00 ASO Building
Singapore 048544
Auditors
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Public Accountants and Chartered 
Accountants
7 Straits View 
Marina One East Tower
Level 12
Singapore 018936 
Audit Partner: Yeoh Oon Jin
Year appointed: 2018
--------------------------------------------------Page 223--------------------------------------------------

Other Information
228   
   
Financial Calendar
FY2018
Financial year-end
31 December 2018
 
Announcement of 2018 1Q results
19 April 2018
 
Announcement of 2018 2Q results
19 July 2018
 
Announcement of 2018 3Q results
18 October 2018
 
Announcement of 2018 full year results
24 January 2019
Despatch of Annual Report to Shareholders
1 April 2019
Annual General Meeting 
23 April 2019
2018 Proposed final dividend
 
Books closure date
5.00 p.m., 30 April 2019
 
Payment date
10 May 2019
 
FY2019
Financial year-end
31 December 2019
 
Announcement of 2019 1Q results
April 2019
 
Announcement of 2019 2Q results
July 2019
 
Announcement of 2019 3Q results
October 2019
 
Announcement of 2019 full year results
January 2020
--------------------------------------------------Page 224--------------------------------------------------

Proxy Form
I/We,                                                                                                                             (Name)                                                  (NRIC/Passport/UEN Number) 
of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (Address)
being a member or members of KEPPEL CORPORATION LIMITED (the “Company”) hereby appoint:
Name
Address
NRIC/
Passport Number
Proportion of Shareholdings
(Ordinary Shares)
No. of Shares
%
and/or (delete as appropriate)
Name
Address
NRIC/
Passport Number
Proportion of Shareholdings
(Ordinary Shares)
No. of Shares
%
as my/our proxy/proxies to attend and vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting of the Company (“AGM”) to be 
held on Tuesday, 23 April 2019 at Suntec Singapore Convention and Exhibition Centre, Nicoll 1-3, Level 3, 1 Raffles Boulevard Suntec 
City, Singapore 039593 at 3.00 p.m. and at any adjournment thereof.  I/We direct my/our proxy/proxies to vote for or against the 
resolutions to be proposed at the meeting as indicated hereunder. If no specific direction as to voting is given, the proxy/proxies will vote 
or abstain from voting at his/their discretion, as he/they will on any other matter arising at the meeting and at any adjournment thereof.
Resolutions
Number of Votes 
For *
Number of Votes 
Against *
Ordinary Business
1. 
Adoption of Directors’ Statement and Audited Financial Statements
2. 
Declaration of Dividend
3. 
Re-election of Mr Alvin Yeo as Director
4. 
Re-election of Mr Tan Ek Kia as Director
5. 
Re-election of Mr Loh Chin Hua as Director
6 
Re-election of Prof Jean-François Manzoni as Director
7. 
Approval of fees to non-executive Directors
8. 
Re-appointment of Auditors
Special Business
9. 
Authority to issue shares and convertible instruments
10. Renewal of Share Purchase Mandate
11. Renewal of Shareholders’ Mandate for Interested Person Transactions
* 
If you wish to exercise all your votes “For” or “Against” the relevant Resolution, please tick (4) within the relevant box provided.  Alternatively, if you wish to exercise 
your votes for both “For” and “Against” the relevant Resolution, please indicate the number of Shares in the boxes provided.
Dated this                          day of                                               2019
Signature(s) or Common Seal of Member(s)
IMPORTANT: Please read the notes overleaf before completing this Proxy Form.
Glue all sides firmly. Stapling and spot sealing are disallowed.
Glue all sides firmly. Stapling and spot sealing are disallowed.
Total Number of 
Shares held
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
IMPORTANT
1. Relevant Intermediaries (as defined in Section 181 of the Companies Act, 
Chapter 50 of Singapore), may appoint more than two proxies to attend 
and vote at the Annual General Meeting.
2. For CPF/SRS investors who have used their CPF/SRS monies to buy 
ordinary shares in the capital of Keppel Corporation Limited (“Shares”), 
this report is forwarded to them at the request of their Agent Banks/SRS 
Operators and is sent solely FOR INFORMATION ONLY. 
3. This Proxy Form is not valid for use by CPF/SRS investors and shall be 
ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them.
4. A CPF/SRS investor who wishes to attend the Annual General Meeting as 
proxy has to submit his request to his Agent Bank/SRS Operator so that 
his Agent Bank/SRS Operator may appoint him as its proxy within the 
specified timeframe.  (Agent Banks/SRS Operators: Please refer to Notes 
2(b) and 4 on the reverse side of this form on the required details.)
Personal Data Privacy
By submitting an instrument appointing proxy or proxies and/or representative(s), a 
member of the Company accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set 
out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting dated 1 April 2019.
Glue all sides firmly. Stapling and spot sealing are disallowed.
Keppel Corporation Limited
Company Registration No. 196800351N
(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)
Corporation
eppel
--------------------------------------------------Page 225--------------------------------------------------

Notes:
1. 
Please insert the total number of Shares held by you. If you only have Shares entered against your name in the Depository Register (as defined in Part IIIAA of the 
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore), you should insert that number of Shares. If you only have Shares registered in your name in the Register of 
Members, you should insert that number of Shares. However, if you have Shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and Shares registered in your 
name in the Register of Members, you should insert the aggregate number of Shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and registered in your name 
in the Register of Members. If no number is inserted, the proxy form shall be deemed to relate to all the Shares held by you (in both the Register of Members and the 
Depository Register). 
2. 
(a)  A member of the Company entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company, and who is not a Relevant Intermediary, is entitled to appoint one or two 
proxies to attend and vote instead of him. A proxy need not be a member of the Company. Where a member of the Company appoints two proxies, the proportion 
of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the proxy form. If no percentage is specified, the first named proxy shall be 
deemed to represent 100 per cent of the shareholding and the second named proxy shall be deemed to be an alternate to the first named proxy.
 
(b)  A member of the Company who is a Relevant Intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company, but each 
proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different Share or Shares held by such member. Where more than one proxy is appointed, the number 
and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the proxy form. In relation to a Relevant Intermediary who wishes 
to appoint more than two proxies, it should annex to the proxy form the list of proxies, setting out, in respect of each proxy, the name, address, NRIC/Passport 
Number and proportion of shareholding (number of shares, class of shares and percentage) in relation to which the proxy has been appointed. For the avoidance 
of doubt, Agent Bank/SRS Operator who intends to appoint CPF/SRS investors as its proxies shall comply with this Note.
 
(c)     “Relevant Intermediary” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore (“Companies Act”).
The Company Secretary
Keppel Corporation Limited
1 HarbourFront Avenue
#18-01 Keppel Bay Tower
Singapore 098632
3.  
Completion and return of the proxy form shall not preclude a member from attending and voting in person at the meeting. Any appointment of a proxy or proxies will be 
revoked if a member attends the meeting in person, and in such event, the Company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons appointed under the 
proxy form, to the meeting.
4. 
The proxy form must be deposited at the registered office of the Company at 1 HarbourFront Avenue, #18-01 Keppel Bay Tower, Singapore 098632, not less than 72 
hours before the time appointed for the Annual General Meeting.
5. 
The proxy form appointing a proxy or proxies must be under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the proxy form is executed 
by a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised in writing. Where a proxy form is signed on behalf 
of the appointor by an attorney, the power of attorney or other authority or a duly certified copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged 
with the proxy form, failing which the proxy form may be treated as invalid.
6. 
A corporation which is a member of the Company may authorise, by resolution of its directors or other governing body, such person as it thinks fit to act as its 
representative at the Annual General Meeting, in accordance with Section 179 of the Companies Act.
 
7. 
The Company shall be entitled to reject the proxy form appointing a proxy or proxies if it is incomplete, improperly completed or illegible or where the true intentions of 
the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the proxy form (including any related attachment) appointing a proxy or proxies. 
In addition, in the case of members of the Company whose Shares are entered against their names in the Depository Register, the Company shall be entitled to reject 
any proxy form lodged if such members are not shown to have Shares entered against their names in the Depository Register as at 72 hours before the time appointed 
for holding the Annual General Meeting as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.-
Fold along this line (2)
Affix
Postage
Stamp
Fold along this line (1)
--------------------------------------------------Page 226--------------------------------------------------

Notes
--------------------------------------------------Page 227--------------------------------------------------

Notes
--------------------------------------------------Page 228--------------------------------------------------

Edited and Compiled by
Group Corporate Communications, Keppel Corporation
Designed by
Black Sun Pte Ltd
--------------------------------------------------Page 229--------------------------------------------------

Keppel Corporation Limited
(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)
1 HarbourFront Avenue
#18-01 Keppel Bay Tower
Singapore 098632
Tel: (65) 6270 6666
Fax: (65) 6413 6391
Email: keppelgroup@kepcorp.com
www.kepcorp.com
Co Reg No: 196800351N
Transforming to Deliver       Report to Shareholders 2018
Keppel Corporation Limited
--------------------------------------------------Page 230--------------------------------------------------

